The 'Burbs|1989|Dante|This story takes place in a typical American neighborhood, when some new neighbors come to live in the house next to Ray Peterson. These new people are really strange; nobody has ever seen them, their house is a real mess, and during the night you can hear weird noises from their basement. The only thing they know is their name: Klopeks. One day Walter (an old man of the neighborhood) suddenly disappears and everyone starts to suspect the Klopeks... (Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com>)
In the Company of Friends|2013|Odom|Three friends are stuck in a murderers triangle. Four of their friends have been murdered and they are the last alive. Two of them are in a stand off, each holding one of the murder weapons. The third friend enters the room with a knife wound in his side. Who did it? That's what they want to know. (Anonymous)
They Knew What They Wanted|1940|Kanin|Tony (Charles Laughton), a successful but illiterate middle-aged grape farmer, sends the photograph of his handsome young foreman, Joe (William Gargan), instead of his own, hoping to woo and marry Amy (Carole Lombard), a waitress in a San Francisco restaurant. Through a series of letters, the two become close and Tony invites his "future wife" to visit. When the beautiful, young Amy arrives at Tony's Napa, California ranch she falls for the wrong man thinking that Joe is the wealthy Tony. When Tony tries to win her over in broken English, she is at first furious and then charmed. But Tony breaks his legs while showing off to impress Amy, and -- left alone to care for a cripple -- she reluctantly succumbs to Joe's charms and becomes pregnant. Although Tony discovers that he has been cuckolded and that Joe has run off, his anger turns to genuine love and he offers to take Amy back unconditionally for the sake of the child and his own true feelings for Amy. (E. Summer)
Busy Buddies|1960|Lord|The baby is left alone with a sitter, and Tom and Jerry are raiding the kitchen and, since the sitter is spending all her time on the phone, watching over the baby, who seems amazingly adept at breaking out of his crib. (Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>)
Voyages|2008|Finkiel|Forced from their ancestral home, a small group of Polynesians brave the unknown and open sea in search of a new home that would one day be called Hawaii. This film is a unique blend of art, featuring Herb Kawainui Kane, and a powerful symphonic score by the Kamuela Philharmonic. (Paul Csige)
Room at the Top|1959|Clayton|The English factory town is dreary but Joe Lampton has landed a job with a future. To have something to do at night he joins a theatrical group. His boss's daughter Susan is playing ingenue roles on stage and in real life. She is attracted to Joe and Joe thinks about how much faster he will get ahead if he is the boss's son-in-law. This plan is complicated by his strong desire to be with an older woman who also belongs to the theatrical group. She is French and unhappily married. Joe believes he can get away with seeing both women. (Dale O'Connor <daleoc@interaccess,com>)
Kaptn Oskar|2013|Lass|The turbulent relationship between Oskar and Alex ends in a big blaze, Alex has set in Oskar's apartment. So Oskar decides that everything shall be different with the next one and he makes a deal with fun-loving Masha: sleeping together but no making love. They both drift through Berlin and through their lives, sometimes playful, sometimes obsessively. And even Masha has her issues. While trying to build up a "normal" relationship, both Masha and Oskar reach their limits. (Claudia Romdhane)
The Connextion|2005|Phillips|A 13 year-old girl runs up a $743 cell phone bill for the month (again). Her father takes the phone away for good this time. She then transforms into a possessed demon forcing her parents to call in a specialist to 'bring their daughter back.' But is she ever really cured? (Lisa Dalton)
Svensken vid Omaha Beach|2002|Karsberg|Kurt Feldtblad, the son of a poor farmer, decided his life was going to be different. Together with his older brother Walter he enrolled in the Swedish military navy cadet school, but soon ran away because of the awful conditions. Now they started to work in the merchant fleet, but when WW2 began they were out of a job. When USA was attacked by the Japanese, the two young men decided to go to America to help fight the Germans. They took part in many dangerous operations, but the documentary focuses on Kurt's experiences during Operation Overlord, where he was in charge of one of the boats used at Omaha Beach. In the documentary Kurt, now an old man, talks about the haunting memories of what he saw and experienced of human sacrifice, courage and friendship. (Deep Throat)
Free the Nipple|2014|Esco|An army of passionate women launch a revolution to "Free the Nipple" and decriminalize the female body. Based on a true story, this mass movement of topless women, armed with First Amendment lawyers, graffiti installations and national publicity stunts, invade New York City to protest the backwards censorship laws in the USA. (Anonymous)
Nanny Boarding|2010|Gilbert|An introspective narrative of a Australian Bull-Rider named Guy Walker as he takes a detour into the realm of Nanny Boarding for 8 week infant named August Gilbert, who Guy calls Gus-Gus. Having dealt with an accidental mishap on his rodeo tour through United States Guy is in need of cash and believes something can be gained from a Nannying experience. (Anonymous)
Don Juan heiratet|1909|Bolten-Baeckers|A count has decided to marry. When his former lovers hear of this, they decide to kidnap him from the office of the Justice of Peace and bring him to a manson. He is able to escape and returns to his bride's house. Meanwhile a bum has told her where he is and she is off to the mansion. When the groom doesn't get a response to his shoutings, he tries to enter the house through the window, but is arrested, the same happens to the bride and the bum, when they try to enter. (Stephan Eichenberg <eichenbe@fak-cbg.tu-muenchen.de>)
Roy Chubby Brown: Britain's Rudest Comedian|2007|Yapp|Royston Vasey, a.k.a. Roy 'Chubby' Brown, is Britain's rudest comedian, infamous for his outrageously racist, sexist and homophobic gags. It's an accolade that's meant he's never been allowed to perform on TV. But this has turned out to be more of a blessing than a curse as he's done very well for himself off the back of his army of fans buying his videos, DVDs, audio cassettes and show tickets. But how different is Roy Vasey from his stage persona 'Chubby' Brown? Film maker Will Yapp follows him around for a few months in 2005 and attempts to find out, following Roy as he goes on tour, re-visits his home town of Middlesborough, shares his family life and prepares for his first appearance on TV in 18 years on The Frank Skinner Show. Are the bigoted, offensive jokes he tells on stage just his act or personal views with a nastier edge to them? (davidgraham83@hotmail.co.uk)
National Geographic Video: Secrets of the Titanic|1986|Noxon|Dr. Robert Ballard of Woods Hole Oceamographic Institure and his research team become the first undersea explorers to locate, photograph, and explore the wreckage of the ill-fated HMS Titanic, which sank on its maiden voyage 2 1/2 mile deep in the icy waters of the Atlantic in 1912, taking 1500 passengers and crew with it to a watery grave. Utilizing dazzling state-of-the art equipment and cutting edge expertise they record the decaying remains of the ocean liner once thought "unsinkable." (duke1029@aol.com)
Ildae yeongwoong|1974|Kang|After losing a prominent wrestling match to the Korean athletes, the Japanese police disrupt the workings of Korean businesses including Lee Seong's factor where they vandalize the property and even kill some workers. This drives Lee Seong into the decision to join the Korean freedom fighters against their occupiers. (Anonymous)
Felix Strikes It Rich|1923|Messmer|Felix organizes a dance contest for hens, but runs afoul of the chicken farmer because the hens aren't meeting their egg quotas. The farmer captures Felix and makes him dig his own grave before he "does him in", but at the last moment an unexpected event results in Felix avoiding his death sentence. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
Dom?stica|2012|Mascaro|Housemaids are an integral part of the household in Brazil, and participate in the day-to-day life of the family. The employment of housemaids is almost obligatory among the middle and upper classes of the country. The vast majority of these housemaids are black women, who face high levels of inequality based on their gender, race and social class. Their role in the household raises important questions about public and private space, endurance and choice, and labor and family life. (Anonymous)
Out from Ali's Shadow: The Larry Holmes Story|2006|Grant|Larry Holmes is undeniably one of the greatest champions in heavyweight history. Yet despite his accomplishments, Holmes never managed to escape the presence of the beloved Muhammad Ali. This documentary sheds light upon the man and brings the legacy of Holmes "Out From Ali's Shadow." (Valerie Nicholas)
Sham|2000|Zachary|A thief is caught robbing a couple's home when they arrive early from allegedly going to the theatre. He tells them all their belongings are too worthless to steal, but convinces them he needs to steal something so they don't look like poseurs. (Scott Andrew Hutchins <scottandrewh@comcast.net>)
Ich bin kein wildes M?dchen mehr|1999|Schulzeck|Once upon a time, that's how fairy-tales begin - these were my mother's closing words sometimes when she was telling us children about her youth in Nidden, and what she meant was that it was over. How does a person recall things if she is suddenly obliged to leave her home when still young, and not permitted to return for fifty years, and precisely what does she recall? Does she feel homesick for her youth? The film gives very personal answers to these questions, and yet they may be applicable to many. (H. Schulzeck) The film-maker questioned his mother, who was born in 1923, the second child of a fisherman's family living in Nidden in the Curische Nehrung. In 1945, she was obliged to flee to Schleswig-Holstein, where she still lives today. Twice whilst making this film - in the summer of 1997 and the winter of 1998 - the director accompanied his mother to her home, which is now part of Lithuania. (Helmut Schulzeck (Director of the Film))
Butterflies of Trip City|2010|Belianina|In the post-apocalyptic world of Trip City any contact with nature is outlawed, the language is internationally primitive and TV dictates the rules. Moarah, one of the factory workers, keeps a little secret at home. Her life may change significantly if anyone finds it out. (Anonymous)
Return to Little Hodcombe|2011|Chapman|Janet Fielding, Keith Jayne and Michael Owen Morris return to Shapwick in Dorset where the Doctor Who story The Awakening was shot. A look at the making of the story, this appeared as a DVD extra on the release of Doctor Who: The Awakening. (mrdario64)
Once Bitten|2012|Whetu Jones|The Countess has a problem. She is a 400 year old vampire who will cease to look young unless she is able to feed on a virgin three times before the upcoming Halloween, a week away. She sends Sebastian, her servant and all of her lesser vampires out to find one. Finding a virgin is difficult in 1980s Los Angeles. Mark has a problem. He wants to 'do it' with Robin in the worst way, but she wants to wait. Jamie and Russ, Mark's goofy friends convince him to go to a Hollywood pick up spot where Mark meets the Countess, on the prowl. Robin's not going to understand this. (John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>)
The Reconcilers|2002|Pilegaard|Two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat, to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences. The Companies' CEOs and Attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation, at an off-shore location. Unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual. (Anonymous)
La Cina ? vicina|1967|Bellocchio|A pair of working class lovers - a secretary and an accountant, scheme to marry into the rich landed gentry. Their targets are a professor, Vittorio Gordini Malvezzi ,(Glauco Mauri), who is running for municipal office as a Socialist candidate, and his sister Elena, (Elda Tattoli), a great lady who lets every man in town climb on top of her but won't marry because socially they're all beneath her. Vittorio doesn't get what is going on. Their little brother Camillo, a seventeen year old seminary student turned Maoist provides the title of the film when he scrawls 'China is Near' on the walls of the Socialist Party building, his brother's campaign headquarters. (Andreas Var)
Picnics Are Fun and Dino's Serenade|1959|Keller|A "Ham & Hattie" cartoon which means two different cartoons splitting the seven minutes of running time. "Picnics are Fun" finds Hattie taking her two dolls for a picnic in the 'Country"---the roof of her apartment building where the trees, flowers and greenery grow only in her fertile imagination; the second offering, "Dino's Serenade", has Ham & His World Players doing a sketch about a strolling musician, the girl he loves and the villain who steals her away. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
MIS Human Secret Weapon|2012|Suzuki|The Enemy is My Friend. When the US Army realized its deficiencies in intelligence operations against Japan in WWII, Japanese Americans were secretly trained to be soldiers of the Military Intelligence Service. They showed their patriotism to US, the nation that had caged their families in the internment camps by choosing to fight against the same race. Not only had they tremendously contributed to America's victory, but also to the successful recovery of Japan using their skill in language. However, the US government had kept their existence as a top secret. Who were these soldiers whom called the Human Secret Weapon? (Anonymous)
Quando as Mulheres Paqueram|1971|di Mello|Two Brazilian girls who had been studying in London arrive in Rio de Janeiro, where they meet a cousin. Together, they try many sexual adventures with the local men. But, because their friend's parents' rigid moral standards, they run away and go to S?o Paulo. (Anonymous)
Ned Kelly Uncovered|2009|West|British actor, author and presenter Tony Robinson (Blackadder, Time Team, The Worst Jobs in History) takes us on an archaeological dig to unearth details of Ned Kelly's infamous last gun battle in 1880. Ned Kelly Uncovered follows the first ever excavation of the Glenrowan Inn site where the iconic Australian bush-ranger and his gang holed up for a showdown with police. The dramatic siege lasted over 24 hours and ended with Ned Kelly's capture and the death of gang members Joe Byrne, Dan Kelly and Steve Hart. Nearly 130 years later, can a team of archaeologists and historians reveal new insight into Ned Kelly's final moments? (Renegade Films)
Operation: Rabbit|1952|Jones|Wile E. Coyote, nemesis of the Road Runner, makes the first of several attempts to use Bugs Bunny to satisfy both his craving for food and his mental craving for the thrill of capturing some helpless desert animal with an elaborate scientific contraption. (Anonymous)
The American Dream|2014|Wakamatsu|25 year old Aruto is on his way to vote in the 2008 presidential election, but along the way finds himself face-to-face with the police. Based on the real life story that occurred in Denton, Texas when an Egyptian national tried to vote in the Presidential Election. (Anonymous)
Ursus nella terra di fuoco|1963|Simonelli|Hamilan, a cruel and ambitious general, murders his king and places himself on the throne with the former king's evil niece as his queen. He then wages war against his peaceful neighbors, killing their women and enslaving their men. A hero named Ursus appears at a tournament to challenge Hamilan's authority. Though victorious at the tournament, Ursus is arrested and forced to turn a grist-mill under an overseer's lash. Meanwhile, the former king's virtuous daughter, Diana, is tormented by her evil cousin, the new queen. Sentenced to a slow and tortuous execution, Ursus breaks free and a revolt breaks out. Ursus throws Hamilan to his death in a fiery pit and then Ursus and Diana enjoy the cheers of a grateful populace. (dinky-4 of Minneapolis)
Michael Jackson Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour|1992|Morahan|For over four decades Michael Jackson has been entertaining the world. From his many #1 smash hits to his incredible short films that dominated MTV, Michael is one of the greatest performers of our lifetime. But to truly experience the creativity and genius of Michael Jackson, you must experience him LIVE. Here is your chance! Michael's "Dangerous Tour" was the biggest tour any performer had done in history, breaking his own record from the preceding "Bad Tour." The incredible staging took nearly 3 days to set up and 20 trucks of equipment were shipped between countries on cargo planes, making headlines everywhere it went. The "Dangerous Tour" included 69 concerts reaching over 3.5 MILLION fans. This concert, "Live In Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour," aired on HBO in 1992. The special received the highest TV ratings in the history of HBO and Michael was honored with the Cable Ace Award. The Bucharest Concert was performed on October 1st, 1992 and was broadcast live on radio and shown on TV in over 60 countries around the world. Now, for the first time on digital video, here is the complete concert in all its splendor. Experience the magic of the King Of Pop... (Anonymous)
Make a Movie Like Spike|2011|Smith|Armed with dreams that extend beyond their block, Luis and Ronald, two best friends from Los Angeles, videotape their last 36 hours before shipping off to Afghanistan. One hundred days before Obama's inauguration, these young men have joined the Marines together to face the obstacles and circumstances that seem to overwhelm their passage into manhood. Luis wants to be a filmmaker and Ronald wants to travel the world and raise a family. Through the lens of Luis's video camera, they capture their friends, family members and places they call home - to remember who they are and where they come from. In their darkest hour, they turn on the video camera for the last time and document the final moments of their journey home. They soon realize that their dreams and promises of a new life mean nothing in a place called War. (Little Plow Films)
Four Degrees of Jonas Rydell|2011|Asenlund|A scientific experiment gone wrong has produced three copies of Jonas Rydell, a young man residing in a wintry Stockholm suburb. Each copy thinks he is Jonas, sharing his instincts. Unless Jonas manages to kill them all, he will age twice as fast and be prone to twice the amount of diseases for each copy still out there. As Jonas enters his girlfriend's apartment, he realizes that someone else entered just before him... (Anonymous)
True Athlete|2014|West|Henry Hawk recently celebrated his 77Th birthday. As one of Arkansas most decorated track and field runners, Henry's life has largely been one of solitary, personal achievement. That is, until he heard of Robert Robinson's near total physical incapacity from a recent accident. Conventional medical wisdom said Robert would likely never as much as blink again. Henry decided to lace up his inner running shoes and help Robert beat the odds. So began a life-affirming relationship between two, one that unblinkingly confronts tragedy head-on, with eyes wide open and undaunted by the obstacles. (Anonymous)
La fille du puisatier|2011|Pagnol|Provence, late 1930s. Rustic digger Pascal Amoretti, a widower, encourages fellow laborer F?lipe Rambert to date his virgin eldest daughter Patricia, the only of his five who attended a Parish finishing school. Getting drunk, Felipe unwittingly helps her date wealthy general store owner Mazel's handsome, womanizing son, dashing air force pilot Jacques, who gives her a motorbike ride home, make love and get her pregnant. Shortly after, both men are called for military service against the Nazis. On leave, Felipe finds out the truth and still proposes. Jacques is reported missing in action, his family refuses to recognize the baby, so Pascal sends Patricia with it to his outcast sister. (KGF Vissers)
Three Loan Wolves|1946|White|Told in flash back, the stooges tell their son how he came to have three fathers. The stooges, owners of a pawn shop, owed money to the gashouse protection society, a bunch of loan sharks. To complicate matters, a lady leaves a baby in the shop as part of a plan to sell a phony diamond and the stooges wind up caring for the kid. The stooges manage to defeat the crooks and when they finish telling the story, the kid goes off to find his real mother. (Mitch Shapiro <mshapiro@a.crl.com>)
Zu zweit|2010|Kulcsar|Jana and Andreas are a married couple who suffer from stress due to work, caring for their two small children, and the rigors of daily life. On a whim, they decide to go on a weekend trip to the country to try to rekindle their relationship. On the way from Zurich to the south, Jana stumbles upon Ingrid, an old friend who is traveling by motorcycle. Jana, who is thirsty for adventure, convinces Ingrid to switch places with her. She takes the motorcycle and Ingrid rides in the car with Andreas. At first, Andreas is not thrilled about the arrangement but soon finds himself enjoying Ingrid's company. As Jana and Andreas relationship is put to the test, their emotions become unhinged. They finally end up on a therapist's couch, where they must once and for all confront their fears and needs, and figure out how to keep their love alive. (HC Vogel)
The Legend of Lady White Snake|2013|Indrani|A reformed snake demoness has transformed into an enchanting maiden, in order to experience love, in this postmodern interpretation of an ancient Chinese tragedy and poem by bestselling author Neil Gaiman (Academy Award nominated Coraline). A meditation on obsession, identity, metamorphosis, and time, through cross-cultural poetry perspectives, and chthonic catharsis. Starring fashion icon the Honorable Daphne Guinness (Academy Award nominated Cashback), directorial debut by award-winning photographer Indrani, produced by Markus Klinko & Indrani, GK Reid. (Anonymous)
Remembering Makaveli, Volume 1|2006|Litt|Presenting "Remembering Makaveli," a DVD video project constructed to present the many sides of arguably the most prolific and intriguing hip hop artist in history via the most qualified commentator to discuss the man's life, politics, music, and friends; 2Pac himself. (Dante Benz)
The Black Shoe Drifter|2004|Olson|Michael Kagan is a drifter. Haunted by his past, and his dead brother (who serves as his conscience), Michael pushes on through vast landscapes insearch of "The Cowboy". The Cowboy is a legendary drug leader from Mexico, who is said to be running an underground operation that could promise money. But Michael soon realizes that his past is far too broken to be fixed by money. The Black Shoe Drifter is a dark look into the life of a hopeless drug addict. (R. Clifford Olson)
No American Dream|2004|Ostertag|On the occasion of a film festival the film maker travels with her digital-video cam through the USA and is searching tor the American dream. Whoever happens to come into her lens-view is asked, and apparently the topic is quite sacred to some Americans. But not to the film-maker, since it becomes more and more obvious that her own American dream consists primarily of one desire: finally to have sex in America. Soon, if possible, and good. But is it all about love? Or is it about America? Each character follows his own dream in this experimental road-movie, and one of them even comes true in the end. (dokfilmfest leipzig 2004)
Spirits|2015|Williams|Four high school students embark on a terrifying journey through ShadowView Manor 2 years after a horrifying s?ance gone wrong. Intern Raven, decides to reconnect with her elementary school friends Kota, William, and Jessica by bringing them to her new workplace, ShadowView Manor for a bit of paranormal investigating. Hearing more forbidden secrets from the night janitor sends them into a dark descending spiral of terror. (Amanda Payton)
Narenji|2012|Chelengar|Narenji follows the psychological journey of a beautiful woman, Delara, in her last few hours of life. In her desperate search for relief from insomnia, her fathers haunting presence, and her own beauty, Delara develops the desire for her forbidden fruit: love. (Anonymous)
All Fried Up|2010|Marshall|Troubled about his failing marriage, Martin takes refuge in his local caf?. Before he can dig in to his full English, another customer takes an interest in him. The man is around the same age as Martin yet is almost his exact opposite. Mysterious and relentless in his questioning, Martin eventually opens up to the man calling himself 'Gandhi'. Gandhi then moves to Martin's table to engage him further and let him in on a little secret... he's a serial killer. Not sure whether the delusional man sitting in front of him is telling the truth, Martin continues to humor him as Gandhi continues the sinister questioning. Before long Gandhi puts Martin in a terrifying dilemma - if he cuts open his egg and it is cooked to perfection, he gets to live. If it is overcooked... everybody dies. (t.m)
Jours de plaine|1991|Leduc|This film is a musical celebration of the French speaking and Metis heritage of the Canadian West, an element that the overwhelming English speaking population there needs to be reminded of. (Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com>)
Shadow Boxers|1999|Bankowsky|Why do women fight? This riveting behind-the-scenes look into the world of the female combatant takes us from manicures to knockouts! It turns our attention to the woman who is widely considered pound for pound the most dangerous fighter of any time, undefeated boxing sensation Lucia Rijker (Rollerball, TV's "Thunderbox"). She reveals the stages of physical, mental and spiritual growth while smashing opponents and preconceptions. "Shadow Boxers" exposes the beauty and brutality of the sport through the eyes of the introspective fighter while showing what's really at stake when women enter the ring. (Anonymous)
Paula Rego: Telling Tales|2009|Auerbach|Born in Portugal, Paula Rego is one of Britain's leading artists. This intimate film follows the artist from her retrospective in Madrid to the privacy of her studio in London while she talks with humor and candor about her compulsion to produce works that, though accessible, deal with the most private themes. (Jake Auerbach)
Questo non ? un film|2011|Palombi|Naples, Italy. A silent war is causing dozens of victims. Only a few heroes will remain on the field to fight it. Beings from remote planets will show their dark side, making Indian people to leave their reserves. But under the blows of hatred that divides the races, love will succeed in finding its place, until the discovery of a mysterious director's chair will be able to change the fate of the protagonists. And one of hundreds of people. (Anonymous)
Out of the Ruins|2010|Wachsmann|Near Bremen in April, 1945, just before the end of the war, a young, injured German soldier is almost killed by a Jewish-American GI. During the altercation, they exchange information and discover that ten years earlier, when they both lived on the same street in Berlin, they were best of friends. While reminiscing, the American is shot in the stomach and death is imminent. As a gesture to his friend, the American insists they exchange identities. The German can go to America and start a new life with the family of his friend. Suddenly a grenade is thrown into the room and in an act of selfless devotion, the dying American smothers the grenade with his body to save his friend's life. (Anonymous)
Of Gods and Kings: The Skyros Horse|2013|Pegrum|The history of man IS the history of the horse. From the sword to the plowshare, through our most arduous and treacherous endeavors, humanity owes an incalculable debt to the noble horse. In Greece, birthplace of modern civilization, the remarkably unique and ancient Skyrian Horse is facing extinction. Mechanization has deprived them of their agricultural use and their natural habitat on the wild vouno of the island of Skyros is threatened by overgrazing and the looming hazard of plans for the largest wind farm in Europe. The debt to history remains, these horses-- which should be celebrated as a Greek National Treasure-- are an integral part of who we are, and who we become. (Anonymous)
Prisoner|2013|Weiss|A man is wrongfully accused and sentenced to life in prison for a crime he didn't commit. Abandoned by his friends, ridiculed by his wife, we follow him on his journey as he's taken to prison where he meets a mysterious inmate who forces him to take a look at himself in a whole new light. Forced to confront his own demons the man begins to take a hard look at what lead him to this cell. (Floyd Marshall Jr.)
Ta paidia tou Diavolou|1976|Mastorakis|A British couple on a break on a small Greek Island are spreading terror beyond anything the islanders could have ever imagined. Only stopping every once in a while to shag anything that moves, be it man, woman or animal. But will they go unpunished, or will the inspector from London be able to put an end to their killing spree? (JW85)
Sikka|1989|Bose|Two close and very wealthy friends, Vijay and Pranlal, decide to cement their friendship to a relationship when Vijay proposes marriage on behalf of his sister, Shobha, with Pranlal's son, Amar. Pranlal agrees, and preparations are on for the marriage to take place. Vijay finds out that Pranlal and his men are using their business as a front for drugs and smuggling, and he decides to cancel the wedding. Pranlal is angry with Vijay, but refuses to give up his criminal career. When Amar finds out about his dad's spurious activities, he kills himself. Pranlal, humiliated and angered, vows to avenge Amar's death, and wants Shobha to be Amar's widow for the rest of her life, which is not acceptable to Vijay. Then Shobha meets with a handsome stranger named Jackie, who rescues her. She offers him employment with her brother's firm, and they fall in love with each other. When Vijay finds out he is upset that his sister has chosen a mere employee for a life-partner, and decides to oppose this marriage at all costs. But both Shobha and Jackie are adamant, and refuse to budge, and finally Vijay gives in, and soon both are married. After the marriage, Jackie starts to show his true colors, and becomes very abusive. Shobha then finds out the terrible truth behind Jackie's hatred, a truth that will change her and Vijay's lives forever. (rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com))
Sentimental Journey|1999|Patzak|After landing his airline flight, a veteran DC-10 captain (Stewart) decides to take a stroll across the airport tarmac. He comes across an old DC-3 now serving night freight duty. The captain is lost in reverie recalling his early World War II-era career as a DC-3 pilot flying passengers from New York to Los Angeles. (yortsnave)
The Heisenberg Effect|2015|Peterson|Tim Harris, a man who compulsively records his life on video, accidentally records an event that results in his being attacked, his house ransacked, and his life threatened. Unfortunately, he has no idea what recording is causing all the trouble. So he applies his considerable skills and intelligence to figure out who's after him, what they want, and how to get out of the mess before he's arrested or killed. (Marshall Peterson)
Willy the Hitman|1994|Chambers|Two best friends in the 5th grade decide to start their own business. Instead of mowing lawns, they start a secretve hit squad. Students would call this hotline to get back at their friends, parents, and even teachers. The secretive twosome would use pies to do the job. Will the school find out that Tony and Willy are the master minds behind this whole thing? (Matt Paker)
The Eye Inside|2005|Beresford|1880. A disturbed teenage girl is confined to an asylum by a voyeuristic doctor. He hypnotizes her as part of a 'cure' that invades her memory, her body and eventually even her dreams. She knows she must find a way out or go truly mad... A psychological-horror film based on the infamous cases of hysteria at the Salpetriere Hospital, Paris. (Beresford, Cordelia)
Ugetsu monogatari|1953|Mizoguchi|In the beginning of the springtime in the period of the Japanese Civil Wars of the Sixteenth Century in Lake Biwa in the Province of Omi, the family man farmer and craftsman Genjur? travels to Nagahama to sell his wares and makes a small fortune. His neighbor Tobei that is a fool man dreams on becoming a samurai, but he can not afford to buy the necessary outfit. The greedy Genjur? and Tobei work together manufacturing clay potteries, expecting to sell the pieces and enrich; however, their wives Miyage and Ohama are worried about the army of the cruel Shibata that is coming to their village and they warn their ambitious husbands. Their village is looted but the families flee and survive; Genjur? and Tobei decide to travel by boat with their wives and baby to sell the wares in a bigger town. When they meet another boat that was attacked by pirates, Genjur? decides to leave his wife and son on the bank of the river, promising to return in ten days. Genjur?, Tobei and Ohama raise a large amount but Tobei leaves his wife to buy the samurai outfit and seek fame and fortune. Meanwhile the female aristocratic Lady Wakasa and her servant ask Genjur? to bring her shopping to her fancy Kutsuki House. Sooner Genjur? and Tobei discover the price they have to pay for their ambition. (Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
Are You Scared 2|2009|Lands|Dallas, Andrew, his girlfriend Taryn and Reese compose of the DNA Team in an Internet game where the objective is to find treasures in hidden caches. While searching the last treasure to beat the game's record score, they are chased by two psychopaths controlled by the sick owner of an underground site that is filming their movements and they have to fight to survive. (Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
Money and Honey|2011|Lee|Money and Honey intimately portray the lives of Filipino migrant workers and the elders in a nursing home in Taipei. On this foreign island, the female caregivers look after the ageing residents. In the flow of life, stories of joy and sorrow take place. What's the price they pay for love and bread? Will their dreams ever come true? In longing do we taste the flavor of money and honey...The film also records the development of a unique female friendship, as the director became a messenger whose camera relayed the feelings and thoughts of the migrant workers and their families to each other. (Anonymous)
Jacqueline Hyde|2005|Woods|Jackie, a lonely and shy telemarketer in her late twenties, gets a phone call informing her that her grandfather has just passed away. As his only living relative, she has inherited his estate. Upon arriving at her uncle's house, Jackie discovers that he was an inventor and has a secret lab in his basement. She stumbles upon the formula that he spent his whole life working on. Due to an accident in the lab, Jackie ingests the formula and finds herself with the power to transform her body at will. This magical potion has turned Jackie Hyde into a shapeshifter! At first, Jackie thinks this is a dream come true. She can change the color of her hair, the size of her bust, even the level of her sex drive at will. This power has somehow released the animal inside and, feeling confident about herself for the first time, she goes out for a night on the town. Picking up a guy in a bar, Jackie has a one night stand. Feeling the euphoric effects of the formula wearing off, Jackie takes some more and soon discovers her more aggressive sexual side; Jacqueline, likes to be in control and wants to keep it that way! Jackie finds that she must make a decision and fight against the power of the formula before she loses her own identity for good. But the formula is like a drug and she's enjoying becoming other people, doing things she would never do, feeling things she has never felt. Each time she transforms, she loses another piece of herself until she doesn't know where the real Jackie ends and the new Jacqueline Hyde begins! In a final battle between her will and desire, her mind and her body, the final choice is made and the most powerful entity wins out! (Rolfe Kanefsky)
WCW/NWA Capital Combat|1990|Leathers|NWA Title (steel cage match): Ric Flair vs. Lex Luger, NWA Tag Team Title: The Steiner Brothers vs. Doom, NWA U.S. Tag Team Titles: The Midnight Express vs. Brian Pillman & The Z Man, Corporal Punishment Match: The Rock N' Roll Express vs. The Fabulous Freebirds, Hair vs. Hair: Paul Ellering vs. Teddy Long, The Samoan Savage & Fatu vs. Tommy Rich & Mike Rotunda, Mark Callous vs. Johnny Ace, Bam Bam Bigelow, Cactus Jack & Kevin Sullivan vs. The Road Warriors & Norman (Anonymous)
Your Sweet Light|2013|Keidar|A young Israeli couple with two small children establishes a Jewish hospitality center for backpackers in India. The camera follows the dramatic developments in their relationship as, against a deceptively idyllic background, the couple begins to discover the immense differences between them in temperament and outlook. Will these differences, and India, break them apart forever or make them stronger? An intense film about young marriage, ideology and growing into life. (Anonymous)
?ke och hans v?rld|1984|Lagerkvist|In 1929, the film follows the six-year old son of a Swedish country doctor. ?ke lives with his parents and his sister Aja in a small provincial town. His best friend is Kalle Nubb. ?ke is very frightened of the janitor Bergstr?m as well as the lunatic Anne-Marie, his cousin who lives in the attic. There is also the strict principal Godeman as well as the religious cobbler Ebenholtz. (Mattias Thuresson)
No Such Thing as Monsters|2014|Moore|Dealing with the recent loss of her mother and her father dating a new woman, Holly begins hearing monsters in her room at night. When she tells her father, he dismisses it, but soon realizes that you don't have to be a kid to be afraid of the dark. (Snuf Leamon)
The Rican-ing of White Boy|2012|Louis|What happens when a paternally adopted forty seven year old schmuck from Queens, New York, sets out for the first time to meet his long lost Puerto Rican family, after being raised by a tribe of white people? Actor/Filmmaker, Paul Louis (Muller Gonzalez), comically documents his 'Puerto Rican Pilgrimage', with twisted humor, clever insight, Jesus jokes, lots of culture shock, and a surprisingly touching lesson learned on the concept of family, and the spiritual bond that connects us. Produced, Directed & Edited by Paul Louis. Filmed by Jeff Rodriguez & Paul Louis. Music by Kevin MacLeod. (Anonymous)
Shipman|2002|Bamford|Dramatisation of the true story of Harold Shipman, a GP (general practitioner, ie family doctor) from Hyde, Manchester, who was convicted in 2000 of murdering fifteen of his elderly patients and is suspected of murdering many more of them. (Anonymous)
3:19|2008|Saadia|What if everything in life was down to chance? What if we couldn't escape fate? What do Galois, Bauhaus and The Unbearable Lightness of Being have in common? What if the sweat in our brow could save us from the dust we are destined to return to? (Anonymous)
Nihon no higeki|2012|Kobayashi|Alternating in time, between the end of World War II and 1953, Haruko, a widow, does what she can to keep her daughter Utako and son Seiichi safe, fed, and sheltered. By 1953, it's clear that the children, as they enter adulthood, want little to do with their mother. They have a different view of their childhood and her sacrifices: in their eyes, she abandoned them to live a life of pleasure. The self-pitying Haruko is sure her life was one of pain and humiliation, for her children. As Seiichi, now a medical student, announces his plans to let a wealthy man adopt him, and as Utako considers the offer to go away with a married man who is her English teacher, what is left for Haruko? (<jhailey@hotmail.com>)
Child of the Desert|2011|Sosa|Elia travels across the Southwest to see the final resting site of her military son. Fearless and free spirited, she meets Jorge, an undocumented immigrant, at a gas station and befriends him despite the fact that she doesn't speak Spanish. Set against the backdrop of the Texas desert, Elia believes that her son has returned in the form of Jorge's presence in order to assuage her pain and allow her to forgive herself for not being able to "save" him. (Anonymous)
Eden's Wake|2004|Brown|"Eden's Wake" takes place in a contemporary Garden of Eden. It is a short poetic film in which Eve has contracted HIV from Adam. Now separated, Adam battles with his conscience, while Eve struggles through her fears to find the key to her peace of mind... If it exists. (Anonymous)
The Adventures of Ragtime|1998|Hillman|Ragtime is a miniature pet horse and the kids love him. But villains Sam and Lester think Ragtime can be their meal ticket. They kidnap the horse for ransom. The family is worried but before you can say "Home Alone", Ragtime out-smarts the bad guys who are then happy to be hauled off to prison. (Anonymous)
Top Priority: The Terror Within|2012|Akbar|Federal officer with the Department of Homeland Security discovers a national security breach related to the entry of 23 aliens from terrorist countries into the United States. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, former head of the DEA Robert Bonner can't afford any more media scrutiny, since his incompetence was already exposed in the NASA 'Challenger' disaster. To avoid the scandal, the full might of the government is unleashed against Julia Davis, her family and witnesses. This retaliation reaches the unprecedented magnitude, including four unexplained deaths, Hollywood and the Mafia, false imprisonments and the use of helicopters and airplanes for warrantless surveillance. Amidst many shocking revelations, this documentary provides a new insight into the deaths of well-known Hollywood figures unwittingly dragged into this scandal. The truth is no longer a secret. (Fleur De Lis Film Studios)
Buttercups|2014|Thomson|Buttercups is a story about a young woman who tries to navigate her life after experiencing a life altering emotional, physical, and spiritual trauma. Buttercups is about reaching rock bottom, stumbling through the darkness, and finding light on the other side. This film is about despair, hope and compassion simultaneously; it's a human story about coming full circle that every person can relate to. (Anonymous)
9 Wat|2010|Jiralak|At his mother's request, Nat, a young architect, unwillingly takes a journey to visit nine different temples in order to clean up his bad karma. He is accompanied by Poon, his beauty columnist girlfriend and Sujitto, a novice monk who takes care of the Tripitaka house and is responsible for the chant to chase away the bad karma. All three characters have different purposes for taking this trip, but later on they discover that they are put together in this trip for an unforeseeable reason. A karma committed by one person could relate to karma of others. Horrifying acts done in their previous lives reveal themselves as the journey go by. The more they try to clean up Nat's bad karma by making merit, the closer they get to "THEM." (Movieseer)
Blind Flight|2003|Furse|Keenan and McCarthy spent 4.5 years confined together, held underground for much of their captivity, at times chained to each other and to the walls of their prisons. The two men, who could easily have found themselves at opposite ends of a gun barrel in Northern Ireland during the Troubles, instead forged a relationship which transcended all that appeared to divide them. "Blind Flight" tells the story of this compelling relationship as they both resurrect their deepest memories, feelings, fears and loves. In their near biblical journey they uncover many of the forces which made them blind and captive human beings prior to their physical captivity. They finally discover a compassion for their captors which makes the film a 'love story' in the fullest and most humanistic sense. (Anonymous)
Starslyderz|2005|Vincent|The year is 2420. Captain Johnny Taylor is the young and dashing leader of the Starslyderz - The United Planets of America's intergalactic crime fighting force! Aided by his trusty crew, Captain Taylor will scour the furthest reaches of the galaxy in pursuit of his arch nemesis: the evil Gorgon! A criminal mastermind hell-bent on bringing America to its knees, Gorgon and his loyal servant General Mortikai will stop at absolutely nothing in their pursuit of Enerjinn - the magical power source that fuels the galaxy! Years ago, when Johnny Taylor was just a boy, his father, Captain Jason Taylor, was the heroic leader of the first-ever Starslyderz brigade. With the help of three talented teenagers, Jason Taylor zipped through the galaxy fighting for freedom and justice, foiling the evil schemes of Gorgon time and again. But then a mysterious and powerful stranger joined the Starslyderz, an angry green alien called... The Mighty Mortikai! By the time the Slyderz realized that something was amiss, it was too late. Gorgon and Mortikai blasted them into oblivion, leaving the young Johnny to go on alone and strive to fill his father's massive space boots. Now in charge of patrolling the galaxy's outer limits, Captain Johnny Taylor is contacted by the President and given the mission he's been waiting for: Gorgon has kidnapped the President's beloved daughter, Princess Genivieve! Captain Taylor's desperate hunt for Gorgon will take him on a magical, musical voyage through time, space, and the depths of the human heart. (Didier Drogba)
Cost of the Living: A Zom Rom Com|2011|White|It is a live action feature film that is set in a world where the undead have risen and can be tamed to live peacefully with humans. People have been split between those who support undead rights and those who do not. Andrew and Emily, from either camp, meet and start to fall in love, while Brian just struggles to fit in. It is a social/political satire, story of struggle and a romantic love story all wrapped into one. (Daniel Lee White)
Before the Flood|2014|Lu|Three grown children come home for their father's funeral. All at a time of personal instability, they attempt to catch up and dance around the subject of what do to with their mother, who has signs of Alzheimer's. The eldest son feels obligation to the family, but the mother does something drastic that changes their lives forever. (Anonymous)
Lord & Master|2003|Blakk|Welcome to Frederick Mansion, where you come with no memory and leave without a trace, but while you're here, you're submitted to leather, bondage and S&M by a domineering Master and his son. The slaves hide one of their own, banished by the father, and when he is discovered, can he convince the others to rebel against their cruel tormentors? (Anonymous)
The Promise Keeper|2006|Whitehead|2000 Year-Old Myth: The Promise Keeper movie springboards from a 2000 Year-Old myth. Nail fetishes were used in certain West African villages when a bargain was struck, or a solemn oath was made. The promise maker would drive a nail into a fetish, which had been crafted by a local shaman. Modern Day Chicago: After an unusual statue arrives in a current-day Chicago law firm, three attorneys fall under the influence of a supernatural entity. After one of the lawyers is killed, the burden falls on the founding partner, Bernard Gregory, to unravel the mystery. Along the way, Bernard discovers that his 14-year-old daughter Tina has driven a nail and sworn a sacred oath. The lives of everyone that Bernard loves depend on what he does next. (Martin Whitehead)
What's in Alaska?|2009|Arrabito|Jack and Mary are at a crossroads in their relationship. When Mary accepts a promotion that will relocate them to Alaska without Jack's consent, their already strained marriage is stretched to its limits. To make matters worse, they have obligations to have dinner with friends that evening. During the course of the night Jack's insecurities, combined with the tensions of their relationship, push them to a point of no return. This mood-driven film is adapted and directed by James Arrabito from a popular short story by Raymond Carver. (Anonymous)
Juvenile Liaison 2|1990|Churchill|Nick Bloomfield's sequel documentary reacquaints us with the lives of the children and officers and examines the scars left by the stark events of Part I. We are left with a sobering reminder that the need for change and social reform is never cut and dried. Challenging but fascinating. (Anonymous)
Lecciones para un beso|2011|Bustamante|It's a romantic comedy, is the first romantic comedy for men. 'Lecciones para un Beso' (Lessons for a Kiss) tells us the story of Alejandro (Jos? Juli?n Gaviria), a teenager from Bogota who is forced to live in Cartagena de Indias, because her mother (Cristina Uma?a) opened a restaurant in that city. But it is there where he falls for an astonishing girl named Mar?a (Vanessa Galvis), intending to do the impossible to give her a kiss on the lips. Due to his inexperience in the art of love, Alejandro enlists the help of three clients of the restaurant -a romantic (Oscar Mauricio Rodriguez), a liar (B?rbaro Marin) and a materialistic (Salvo Basile)- to be taught how to achieve his goal. These men not only accept, but also make a bet to see who gets to lead Alejandro to his first kiss. (Juan Pablo Bustamante)
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby|2006|McKay|NASCAR stock car racing sensation Ricky Bobby is a national hero because of his "win at all costs" approach. He and his loyal racing partner, childhood friend Cal Naughton Jr., are a fearless duo -- "Shake" and "Bake" by their fans for their ability to finish so many races in the #1 and #2 positions, with Cal always in second place. When flamboyant French Formula One driver Jean Girard challenges "Shake" and "Bake" for the supremacy of NASCAR, Ricky Bobby must face his own demons and fight Girard for the right to be known as racing's top driver. (CartmanKun@aol.com)
Prem Geet|1981|Issar|Akash and Shikha make an impressive creative team as they work together in a dance troupe, and a romantic relationship soon flourishes between them. But when it transpires that Shikha only has a few months to live, and she's pregnant, some dramatic scenes unravel as the movie travels nears its climax. (hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com))
Static Miracles|2014|Brady|The Cuban government has an official term to describe derelict houses that are on the verge of collapsing, yet remain standing. The STATIC MIRACLES. Set inside the crumbling walls of a home, 'Static Miracles' quietly examines the broken promises of a woman left behind by her country and her attempt to create a life beyond the stasis. (Anonymous)
L'invitata|1969|De Seta|When her husband returns from his work abroad with a guest, a young girl, his wife suspects a liaison. She leaves her home. Her boss takes her to the C?te d'Azur. They get closer during the long voyage and the man invites her to his marital home. (fa404748 (Gent, Belgium))
Meari|1981|Choi|Several years before, Yong-kil was indirectly responsible for a woman's death. The woman's lover vow vengence, but his first attempt lands him in prison for a short time. When he is released, he begins to track down Yong-kil who is now working as a ranger on a dangerous mountain, far from civilization. (Anonymous)
Unaccompanied Minors|2006|Feig|Spencer and his little sister, Katherine, are flying to Pennsylvania for Christmas with their dad. While changing planes, a blizzard moves in and cancels all flights out of Hoover Airport: they must stay in a basement room with the other unaccompanied minors. Spencer and four others - a chubby boy, a non-stop-talker, a surly girl, and a rich kid - go AWOL and get in trouble with Mr. Porter, the Christmas-hating airport supervisor. The five misfits spend the night evading and enduring Porter's punishments, discovering all sorts of things in back rooms, making sure Katherine gets her visit from Santa, and finding among themselves a new kind of family. (<jhailey@hotmail.com>)
Donald's Snow Fight|1942|King|It's snowed, and Donald Duck is going sledding. Meanwhile, his nephews have built a snowman at the bottom of the hill. Donald aims his sled at their snowman and demolishes it, so the boys get even by including a boulder in the bottom of their next snowman. This means war, so they retreat to opposing snow forts for battle. (Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>)
H?rom s?ta|2005|F?s?s|A man jumps into the water off a bridge. The police rescue him and try to clarify the situation. The man is a writer. He is in love. The whole mad night is but a short story... or did it all really happen? Somebody knows the truth. A 12 minute mystery. (Anonymous)
Torso: The Evelyn Dick Story|2002|Chapple|The 1946/1947 murder trial of young and beautiful Evelyn Dick remains the most lurid murder case in Canadian history. After children find only the torso of her missing husband, John, Evelyn is arrested for his murder. The head and limbs had been sawed from his body and evidence that they had been burned in the furnace of her home (she and her adolescent daughter shared with her parents) later surfaced. (There is some weird twist involving her parents and a supposed baby boy that she gave up for adoption some 3 years prior to the murder.) After she was sentenced to hang, lawyer J.J. Robinette appealed her case, and won an eventual acquittal. But, when police are tipped-off by her father, the decayed remains of Evelyn's baby boy encased in cement under the floor boards of her home are found. Although she is acquitted of the murder of her husband, she is sentenced to 11 years in prison for the murder of her infant son. No one was ever convicted of the murder of John Dick. Evelyn was released from prison in 1958. After her release, her whereabouts were never known or at least never reported or published. (Robin <soonerzs@yahoo.com>)
Cotton Mary|1999|Merchant|1954, the Malabar Coast. British and Anglo-Indian identities blur when an English-woman with a neglectful husband births a sickly baby. Cotton Mary, a hospital aide and moralizing Anglophile who claims her father was a British officer, takes over the infant's care and, without a word to the mother, takes the baby daily to her sister to nurse. Mary moves into the English household, taking over more and more duties as she plays on the mother's fatigue and lack of spousal counsel: in effect, Mary colonizes the English household while she pilfers its stores and tells tall tales to her own family. For how long can Mary sustain her rule before the Englishwoman stands on her own feet? (<jhailey@hotmail.com>)
23 1/2 Hours' Leave|1919|King|Brash young Sgt. Gray makes a bet that he can have breakfast with his commanding general. But a couple of enemy spies, intent on infiltrating the training camp, get in the way of Sgt. Gray's plans. (Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net>)
Exotic World and the Burlesque Revival|2011|Tremmel|There's a sexual revolution happening on a former goat ranch in the middle of the Mojave Desert, and an eighty-year-old woman is behind it. Funded by Dixie Evans' social security checks, the Exotic World Museum is a Mojave Desert haven for burlesque legends of the 19040s to 1960s, and ground zero of the latest burlesque revival. But as Dixie's health declines, County regulators threaten the operation, and the desert assails the museum's aging collection of 8x10 portraits, hand-sewn costumes and memorabilia, will Exotic World survive? (Anonymous)
In Her Own Time|1985|Littman|Based on the field work of Dr. Barbara Myerhoff, this is a documentary exploring the diverse Fairfax district Jewish Community in Los Angeles, California. (Keath <keath@webtv.net>)
Love on the Sly|2012|Fowell|Sean and Louise are spatting on-camera during their cooking show, Blokes in the Kitchen. Sean has gone too far this time when he accuses Louise of being an expert on cocks - and he's not talking poultry. What flipped him into a serious meltdown? What did he see in the spa when he visited his lover, Ben? Sean is ready to kill someone. But is it Louise or Ben? And who does Ben want - Sean or Louise? Maybe both. Set in the beautiful Hawkesbury River valley, near Sydney, this Australian short is from one-time Santa Fe resident, Derek Fowell. (Anonymous)
Reaper's Revenge: Fear the Reaper|2014|Munden|Returned from the Hellish Dimension he was banished to by the witch, Faruza Maclay, The Reaper returns to Luna Pier with one mission and one mission only: Kill The Witch. With a human cult of costumed killers gathered around him, the near unstoppable (and evolved) Reaper descends on the home of Maclay, who has gathered friends and allies of her own to protect her. The fight is on, and the only way to find out who's left standing in the end, is to check out Reaper's Revenge! (Keith Munden)
Do Dooni Char|1968|Sen|Sandeep, a bachelor, lives a fairly wealthy lifestyle along with his mother and a servant, Sevak, who has grown up with him. He decides to travel to Shikarpur to close a business deal and takes Sevak along with him. Although the duo have never been to this region, everyone appears to know them very well. Unable to get anyone to clarify how they are known to them, they decide to complete their business and return home. Little do they know that their departure will be substantially delayed when two women show up claiming to be Sandeep's wife and sister-in-law. (rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com))
Story Bud?|2013|Keogh|'Story Bud?' by Jenny Keogh is the first in a series of short films celebrating the Hiberno-English language. This unique 2-minute film, featuring Dubliners, captures how the Irish speak English, from old sayings and slang to everyday phrases. Simple but effective in its filming style, it both entertains and educates, with some basic translation for beginners. It was greatly received on Youtube with over 100,00 views and has featured in many film festivals since. (Anonymous)
Love, Lust, & A Room Key|2014|Pomichter|A dramedy about intimacy and relationship issues challenging a number of guests staying at a weekend resort and the complications that arise when alcohol is added to the mix. Seen through the eyes of the Hotel's star bartender, Harry, a 'Night at the Builtman' allows the audience to 'peel the roof back' and take a peek into the secret lives of an eclectic group of people during some of life's most transitional moments. Dealing with scenarios ranging from infidelity, loneliness, prostitution, drug abuse, lust, and of course some good 'ole fashion sadomasochism between a kinky old couple who, in fact, may be the only ones to have discovered the path to a fulfilling and lasting partnership. (Anonymous)
Distilled Love|2011|Smith|Hoping to fix the crack in their relationship, Rene locks himself and his hipster girlfriend, Emma, in their apartment. His personal remedy for their woes is a weekend-long detox for Emma. But as she experiences withdrawal, the couple discovers addiction is not the only problem they need to face. (Anonymous)
A Work of Art|2014|Parry|Mark is a budding artist who hasn't quite broken through in the art world or and finds it hard to get along with others. However he loves nature and through this love and his disgust of humans he comes up with the perfect work of art that he believes will make him famous. This is a short, somewhat disturbing, at times nearly comedic drama-come-horror that takes you on a journey through the mind of an artist. (Anonymous)
A Crime to Fit the Punishment|1982|Moss|In 1954 during the height of McCarthyism and the Cold War, the controversial labor film "Salt of the Earth" was made despite numerous attempts by the film industry and the US government to prevent its production. "A Crime to Fit the Punishment" explores the background events and political atmosphere that surrounded the film's production and movingly chronicles the filmmakers' defiance of the Hollywood blacklist.Interviews with some of the film's principals ad scenes from Salt of the Earth are combined with news clips and broadcasts from the early 1950's which puts it into an overall political context. (Anonymous)
Liquid Memories|2010|ScreamerClauz|On the night of a lunar eclipse a mysterious man finds a way to edit his own memories, by injecting secret fluids located in the brains of the recently deceased. While trying to erase his first memory of death he gets trapped inside the nightmare world of a dead prostitute that he shares a strange connection to. (Anonymous)
La lumi?re des ?toiles mortes|1994|Matton|June 1940. The Wechrmacht appropriates the houses in which are living Pierre, his wife Magdeleine, their son Charles, their two servants Louise and Lea, and Mademoiselle, the beautiful jewish governess. Far from the horrors of war, a strange cohabitation begins, a mixture of fear, friendship, love and hate. (Anonymous)
Ark|2015|Woolford|In 'Ark,' a mysterious box holds a growing number of strange small beings, little people who seem to have a message for the young children who keep finding them washed up on shores and hidden in the woods. This organically-made, meditative video reveals the beauty of children's instinctual play and the poetry of their language. (Anonymous)
The Blinds|2011|Cross|Five poker players are invited to play in an exclusive poker tournament. The players get more than they bargained for when the host of the tournament reveals that one of them is the murderer of his daughter, Juliet. He gives the murderer one hour to confess or all of the players will suffer the consequences. (David A. Cross)
La femme et le pantin|2007|Schwartzstein|Womanizer Don Mateo helps a girl in a train when attacked by a other woman. This girl, Conchita - a cigarette maker, soon visits the rich Don Mateo at his palace in Sevillia. He falls for her, but she likes to play with him. Sometimes she encourages his advances, then she rejects him. Furthermore, there's a portrait of a young man in her room. When he offers her money her mother urges her to accept, she runs away. Some months later he discovers her dancing flamenco in a sleazy cabaret. She notices him, flirts with other customers, then with the young man from the portrait, before she starts talking again with Don Mateo. But the manager asks her to prepare for the next number. Don Mateo soon realises, that that next number is not on the stage, but in a different room. There she dances in the nude (shown!) for rich tourists. He interrupts her dance and asks her to quit. She half accepts and starts dancing in a different place. A rendez-vous with Mateo is again used to make him mad with love and jealousy. When he learns that the man in the picture is paid by Conchita to act as her lover, he gives up and decides to move to Paris with a friend. But then Conchita shows up to confess her love and they start a real romance... (Stephan Eichenberg <eichenbe@stud.chemie.tu-muenchen.de>)
Failure|2012|Suchorsky|Imagine that at the age of 4, you dream of becoming a filmmaker. Imagine that by the age of 24, you decide to live your dream. Now imagine that you have no money, no real actors, and no equipment. How would you make your film? Would you hire friends to star in your film, max out credit cards to rent equipment, and attempt to shoot a 96-page script in 6 days? Filmmaker Chris Suchorsky did just that. What was the end result? Complete and total disaster. So what do you do when your dream fails? You make a film about being a FAILURE. (Jen Grimm)
El colegio de la muerte|1975|Ram?rez|Dean Selmier, Sandra Mozaroski, Victoria Vera. An 1899 London orphanage is the setting for this weird tale. There is a really cool looking monster-guy doing weird experiments on an attractive young woman. He's actually a fire-scarred mad doctor who subjects his beautiful victim to memory-draining surgery, turning her into a zombie. (Anonymous)
WebKam|2010|Layton|Victoria (Eleanor James) is a bit sad due due to a break-up with her boyfriend, Matt (Kim S?nderholm). Her best friend Lilly (Joanne Gale) tries to cheer her up, but fails. One day a strange character wearing a clown mask appears on her computer screen. He calls himself Kam and he wants to play a game - it is the beginning of grueling nightmare for Victoria. (Oh Gosh! Productions)
Cold Stone|2012|Moline|A special agent, a dangerous assignment, a tense relationship, a starry eyed daughter, a missing father and a woman thrust into the role of motherhood. This is COLD STONE, anew short film by up and coming and innovative director Pablo Moline. Cold Stone is a suspense drama short film about a Special Agent who must make a decision about work, love , and finding her biological father. (Anonymous)
Twilight of the Ice Nymphs|1997|Maddin|Peter Glahn is released after years of incarceration as a political prisoner and is now returning to his homeland, the mythical Mandragora where the sun never sets. On board the ship home, he meets the mysterious Juliana Kossel who vanishes after stealing his heart. Once he arrives on the island, he goes to the family ostrich farm run by his sister Amelia. He finds Amelia living with a farmhand named Cain Ball who fears that Peter's return will endanger the agreement he made with Amelia that will see him inherit the farm. Amelia has since fallen for the vain Dr. Isaac Solti who controls the island and has a hold on both Zephyr Eccles, the widow of a local fisherman, and Juliana, Peter's dream girl from the ship. Solti's true obsession is a recently discovered statue of Venus that possesses strange powers. All the characters meet at Solti's lab where the sexual tensions erupt. (pr1mal_1)
?Qui?n puede matar a un ni?o?|1976|Ib??ez Serrador|A couple of English tourists rent a boat to visit the fictitious island of Almanzora, just off the southern Spanish coast. When they arrive, they find the town deserted of adults, there's only children who don't speak but stare at them with eerie smiles. They soon discover that all the children of the island have been posessed by a mysterious force or madness which they can pass from one to another, and which makes them attack and murder their elders, who can't defend themselves because nobody dares to kill a child... (Pablo Montoya <mmontoyac@nexo.es>)
Robinson Gruesome|1959|Lovy|It seems Chilly Willy is doomed. He is marooned on a floating iceberg that is quickly melting away. Luckily, he hits dry land just as the last of the iceberg disappears into the sea. He has landed on a tropical island, the home of the lonely Robinson Gruesome. "28 years in the same location" as the sign outside his hut informs the nonexistent passersby. Now, finally, Gruesome has his first visitor. But the drawling dog is less interested in the penguin's companionship than he is in the bird's tasty flesh. For nearly three decades he has had nothing to eat but bananas. Sadly, his luck hasn't changed; it's only gotten worse. Chilly Willy is too wily to allow himself to get eaten. And somehow Gruesome's every attempt to catch Chilly puts him in the path of an angry ape. (J. Spurlin)
Outcasts: Surviving the Culture of Rejection|2014|Newton|Outcasts: Surviving the Culture of Rejection examines the history, causes, and devastating affects of recidivism on families and communities in Tennessee, where more than 50 percent of released prisoners return to jail or prison within three years. (Anonymous)
Brothers of the Wilderness|1984|Phillips|"Brothers of the Wilderness" is a family adventure that looks for the gold in people's hearts. A young family splitting apart takes a cross-country trip and their small son becomes separated from them in the mountains by a near-tragic traffic accident. He is befriended by a large "dog" - the wolf, Mara - who belongs to an old prospector with more than enough gold, but a hole in his heart: literally, and for the family he lost years earlier. The old man sets out to find the boy's parents, but his gold attracts the attention of two greenhorn prospectors, Bernie & Len. When the old man dies of a heart attack, leaving the boy alone once again - and with a map to his gold - the boy goes off alone to look for his parents. Only the wolf-dog Mara stands between the boy and the two greedy men. (Robert Fleet)
Thirteen Women|1932|Archainbaud|Thirteen women who were schoolmates send to a swami for their horoscopes. Little do they realize that Ursula, a half-breed Asian, is using her hypnotic powers over the swami and them to lead them or their families to their deaths. It seems that she too went to their school, but was forced to leave by their bigotry, and is exacting revenge. Will she be stopped in time to save Laura's son, Bobby? (Robert Tonsing <rob_tonsing@msn.com>)
Freies Land|2009|Treiber|After the war, infinite numbers of refugees leave in search of a new home. They now stand in the hall of a large mansion, waiting to receive their deeds of ownership for sections of land that the lord of the manor had left behind after he fled. Among them is the young Jeruscheit who, during her travels, had to bury one of her own children. Her husband has been declared missing, and up until now she has had little purpose in life. But then she discovers it: to work, to build, and to help others. And maybe someday Jeruscheit will find her family. (DEFA Film Library)
The Three Musketeers|2011|Swickard|After failing in a scheme to steal Leonardo Da Vinci's airship blueprints, the Musketeers are disbanded by Cardinal Richelieu leaving Athos, Porthos and Aramis on the streets of Paris. In the meantime, the young, reckless and ambitious D'Artagnan has set off from Gascony with dreams of becoming a musketeer himself, not realizing that they have been disbanded. In no time, D'Artagnan manages to offend Athos, Porthos and Aramis on different occasions and challenges them all to duels. However before the duels can take place they are attacked by guards, trying to arrest them for illegal dueling. The ex-musketeers and D'Artagnan fight off the soldiers, leading to the four men becoming a band with the motto of "All for one, and one for all". Count Richelieu is not only determined to be rid of the musketeers, but also schemes with Athos' former lover Milady to undermine the reign of King Louis and his wife. The musketeers and D'Artagnan are determined to save the royal family and France itself. (WellardRockard)
Hello Hum Lallann Bol Rahe Hain|2010|Shukla|Originally from Bijapur, Lallann Prasad Prajapati now works as a Security Guard with Wel-Watch Security in Mumbai, and is responsible for the security of Rivera Society in Lokhandwala Complex. He is regularly in touch by telephone with his girlfriend, Saroja, who has just finished her studies, and hopes to marry her soon. His hopes will be dashed when he finds out that her marriage is being arranged with a much older male who is willing to give her family Rs.2 Lakhs so that her brother can find employment. Hoping to talk her out of this marriage and even agreeing to collect the amount, Lallann will be in for more shocks when he will be told that she loves a male by the name of Kishan. (rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com))
Live Nude Shakespeare|1997|Fox|Shakespeare's plays were intended not to be performed by men only, it turns out, but rather by buxom young women in various stages of undress. Such is the premise of this low-budget vehicle which alternates between scenes of women stripping while performing scenes from the Bard's works and mock interviews with the cast and crew. (Jason A. Cormier)
Rustam Casanova|2014|de Toni|Our man is an opera singer with an athletic physique, a faraway gaze and something of a nineteenth century romantic air. He is a larger than life character with a thousand masks. He constantly travels between different continents, without a fixed abode or bank account. Sometimes a gigolo, sometimes a father and a family man, he considers himself an artist above all else. In Tajikistan he is a great artist of the people, in Italy he is known as an aspiring opera singer with an exotic Persian charm, in China as Sergio, the Italian artist. The film tells the story of this man and his solitude, which is paradoxically crowded with a host of women, children, singing teachers and his creditors. (Anonymous)
Axis of Light|2011|Getty|8 Artists from the Middle East 'You just don't trust the official narrative.' Jananne Al-Ani Seen through the work of eight leading artists, Axis of Light, is a poignant and absorbing observation, of the beauty and mystery of the Middle East which is often ignored, especially today where anger and violence demand centre stage in our media and where stereotypes and prejudices distort our view of this region. Through the eyes of these artists, a human face so often overshadowed by conflict and war is revealed. (Anonymous)
The Battle for Barking|2010|Fairrie|Filmed, directed and produced by Laura Fairrie, The Battle for Barking records an historic moment in British politics through the microcosm of one East London constituency. As it chronicles the rise and fall of the far-right British National Party, it gives a fascinating insight into the inner workings of the "BNP family" and the working class disillusionment with the Labour party that fuelled the BNP campaign. The film is an honest, moving and humorous portrait of a white working class community forced to face the changes brought by new immigrant populations and decide whether the BNP could ever provide an answer to their despair. Filmed over the course of a year, and with extraordinary access to both camps, the film follows two very different political opponents as they battle towards the 2010 General Election. Long-standing Labour MP Margaret Hodge is a stalwart of the New Labour establishment and, as the daughter of a German Jewish refugee, a strong advocate of community cohesion. Running against her is Nick Griffin, the BNP leader and self-styled "voice of the ordinary people". Griffin is a controversial figure, with a conviction for inciting racial hatred, who nonetheless wields considerable support. Following the candidates and their respective teams right up until election night, the film takes you behind the scenes of both campaigns and as the election draws nearer follows the action as violence escalates on the streets. (Laura Fairrie)
The 70's House|2005|Sizemore|Twelve modern kids are taken and put in a house where they live like they're in the 1970s. They can't use anything that didn't exist in the 70s, including cellphones and iPods! They even have to use phrases from the 70s, such as "groovy" and "foxy." If they bring up anything modern, they can be brought to the elimination round. The winner will receive some huge prizes when they get back to living in 2005. Do these foxy kids have what it takes to live a groovy 70s life? (gigi)
Stolen Thoughts: The Missing Memory|2010|Ford|Awakening from a mysterious accident, Scott Ryan has no memory from the last year of his life. When he learns his former girlfriend was murdered, the quest for answers is only the tip of the ice burg. Through the words of his roommate, the pleas of a scared friend and the confessions of an enigmatic doctor, Scott finds that it may not be an accident that caused his memory loss, but something far more sinister... (Anonymous)
Grandma and Grandpa Make Their Aliyah|2012|Mevlana|After sitting in urns on her piano for the past several years, Asha decided to take her Jewish grandparents' ashes to Israel with her in Ziploc bags. Through many adventures and sites, Asha finally finds the perfect place in Israel to spread their ashes and help them make their Aliyah. (Anonymous)
Subub Surprises the Burglar|1903|Porter|Shows a bedroom and a man asleep in bed. A burglar cautiously raises the window, climbs in, and proceeds to go through the man's clothes. The man awakes, pulls a lever, which closes him up in a folding bed, the bottom of which is iron-clad and fitted with guns and portholes. The burglar is dumbfounded and cannot move. Subbubs turns his battery loose, blowing the burglar to pieces. He then raises an American flag on a staff on top of the bed as a signal of victory. The bed opens up again and Subbubs goes to sleep. (Edison Catalog)
Tears for Breast Milk|2013|Ifeanyi|Olu Jacobs and his friend "Chief" (his childhood friend) mad a promise that there children will get married. All was well and good, until Chief starts to have second thoughts about the matter. Chief was murdered, her daughter homeless and Olu fight over Chieftincy and his wealth. He also forbids his son (John Dumalo) from having anything to do with Chief's Daughter. What this thrilling and suspenseful story. (Black Speech Media)
The Disclosure Dialogues|2011|James|The Disclosure Dialogues are the definitive collection ever assembled on the state of disclosure. This is a five disc set that starts with an excellent 70 minute documentary, featuring contributions from virtually every relevant figure in the field today. There will come a day when Disclosure and its history are the subject of study. THIS SET will be referred to as the best source of information ever compiled in one place. (Ron James)
Second plan|2005|Chudy|Joa is a lonely and passive young woman. Her father, only reference mark in her life is monopolized by his professional activities abroad. When Joa's friend, Louise, invites her to play a role in a pornographic film, Joa follows her without conviction. (Anonymous)
Because of Him|1946|Wallace|A beautiful young woman, an aspiring actress, trick a famous stage star into signing a letter recommending her talents to a producer friend, with amusing results. (<staceyk@rpi.net.au>)
Return, Elegy|2013|Huo|Li Kai, a chinese student in France, his fake master degree in his pocket. At the crossroads between past in France and future in China, Li Kai recalls his affair with Chloe. After be back in his hometown, Li Kai finds that everything is changed and transformed... (Anonymous)
Rosia Montana - Ein Dorf am Abgrund|2012|Daub|The inhabitants of an ancient Carpathian village are fighting with all their power to ward off the destruction of their village by a Romanian-Canadian corporation. But under their houses lie Europe's largest gold resources. A fierce battle of David versus Goliath is taking place in the heart of Transylvania. (Anonymous)
Rona & Nele|2013|Chiogna|By chance Nele meets the mysterious Rona who, stylishly dressed with high-heeled boots, digs for food in a rubbish container. This is the beginning of a special friendship between two women with very different life concepts. All this happens within the colourful Berlin milieu, where punks, street musicians and bottle collectors find their lives beyond norms and conventions. (Anonymous)
This Song Is Old|2009|Sheridan|When octogenarian Chicagoan Sam Pfeffer heard about the Bnei Menashe, a people who claim descent from a lost tribe of Israel and practice the Jewish faith, he decided to obtain a Torah and deliver it to them in remote north-eastern India. So began a personal odyssey across half a world of geography and 3000 years of history. This Song Is Old follows Sam Pfeffer as he goes beyond forensic science and contemporary political intrigue to the heart of belief and belonging and fights to help the Bnei Menashe come 'home' to Israel. (Anonymous)
Dinosaur|2013|Zondag|During an attack on a pack of Iguanodon, an egg is separated and ends up with the possession of a group of lemurs. The lemurs care for this egg and the young creature born from it, which they call Aladar. When a meteor shower hits earth, Aladar and his family must leave their homeland. Away from home and as close to danger as they have ever been, they meet up with a huge group of dinosaurs, led by Kron and Bruton. All together they are trying to reach the nesting grounds, but it's not going to be easy. (simon)
Mary Last Seen|2010|Durkin|A young woman embarks on a road trip with her boyfriend to a place he promises will be beautiful and peaceful. But a series of strange events occur on their journey, and it becomes clear that their relationship is not what she thinks and their destination is not what was promised. (anonymous)
Cape Spin: An American Power Struggle|2011|Kirby|Cape Spin! An American Power Struggle tells the surreal, fascinating, tragicomic story of the battle over America's most scandalous clean energy project. Cape Wind would be the U.S.'s first offshore windfarm...But strange alliances formed for and against: Kennedys, Kochs, and everyday folks do battle with the developer and green groups over the future of American power. With full access to both sides, a commitment to impartial storytelling and fueled by a satiric 'revolutionary' soundtrack, Cape Spin! is "a gripping and entertaining study of eco-capitalism and grassroots democracy". "It proves that environmental films can be crowd pleasers, and not at all just about the environment." (Daniel Coffin)
Girlfriend from Hell|1989|Peterson|The Devil is a woman! She is on the run and being pursued by God's "chaser", (who is an ex-lover coincidently). The chase drops her in the lap of an ongoing birthday party where shy Maggie is on a blind date with equally shy David. As the Devil inhabits Maggie's body the fun starts. First she proves that there is no one that she cannot offend, most especially her girlfriends when she takes their boyfriends upstairs for some killer (no shit) sex. As the bodys pile up the chaser arrives. Lovers tiff doesn't begin to go into the arguing that ensues as the plot reveals that the devil is pissed because she is jealous of her boyfriends over-enthusiastic flirting. Every woman in the film wants to pound our chaser into pulp as his obnoxiousness escalates. Also not to be messed are the crop of Nuns with rocket launchers and semi-automatic weaponry. Quick trips in and out of deep space, bodies in the bathtub, and restaurants where the food attack the patrons. A must see, must rent, and must own for every happy couple (Tari <shipley@dis.org>)
Uccelli d'Italia|1984|Ippolito|The movie consists of a number of short sketches based on the Uccelli d'Italia album by the Italian demential group Squallor. Among others, we see a strange encounter between Judas and Jesus, a Brazilian surgeon who dances the samba on the work floor... (Alessio Quirino)
Ricky! The Movie|2010|Firmager|In 1983 Ricky T scored a minor top 20 hit on the international charts ...but just 5 years later Ricky had all but disappeared with only rare sightings, each one more outrageous and unbelievable than the last. But who was Ricky T? Many opinions are offered but most are conflicting . And why the continuing fascination and debate about what was after all just another one hit wonder? What we do know is, Ricky was an artist, a chameleon, a renaissance man, a bon viveur...yet according to some he never existed at all..... Yet in 2008, Ricky T suddenly re-appeared out of the blue. With a catalogue of great songs, groundbreaking videos, publicity stunts, a support slot with the most famous male performer in the world, a spiritual guide named'Larry' and a manager from Cyprus...how can Ricky's comeback fail? 'Ricky!-The Movie' includes extraordinary and revealing personal accounts from those who claimed to have known him the best. Fellow musicians, personalities and chartered accountants all share their stories and insights into the phenomena that is 'Ricky'. 'Ricky!-The Movie' is more than anything is a celebration of that fabulous decade 'the Eighties' and all the wonderful ( and not so wonderful) one hit wonders that made their small mark in the pantheons of music history. This film is dedicated to them all! (Palstar)
The Charge of the Light Brigade|1968|Richardson|A chronicle of events that led to the British involvement in the Crimean War against Russia and which led to the siege of Sevastopol and the fierce Battle of Balaclava on October 25, 1854 which climaxed with the heroic, but near-disastrous cavalry charge made by the British Light Brigade against a Russian artillery battery in a small valley which resulted in the near-destruction of the brigade due to error of judgment and rash planning on part by the inept British commanders. (Matthew Patay)
Original Diner Guys|1999|Levinson|When Barry Levinson wrote the movie Diner, he created characters based on a composite of various guys he hung out with at the local diner. The Original Diner Guys documentary follows the lives of the actual "diner guys". Filmed from 1990 to 1997, it captures the relationships, the humorous ribbing and interactions that have bonded this group for nearly a lifetime. The film follows the guys through reunions, celebrations and the realization of their own mortality. (Anonymous)
Reach|2014|Riley|An outlaw biker (Paxton), having recently robbed a train depot, arrives in the post-apocalyptic boom town of Martini Ranch. He parties with his crew (Reinhold, Cort, Pasdar, Reiser, Hendricksen, etc.) and enjoys the charms of a local girl (Louise Paxton). Meanwhile, close on his trail is a posse of female bounty Hunters (led by Bigelow). They capture Paxton, hog-tie him and brand him, while hanging one of his cohorts (Todd). Paxton escapes, rounds up his crew and confronts the cowgirls in the street. After being deserted by his crew, Paxton shoots it out with the women alone, but is hopelessly outnumbered. (Tom Huckabee)
Today's Families: The Wonder of Toddlers|2006|Lobel|Today's Families: The Wonder of Toddlers examines the first few years of life through the experiences of a diverse group of families and insights from a leading childhood development expert. Hosted by Emmy-winning executive producer Helene Lerner, the documentary explores tantrums, the challenges of balancing work with family life, toddler's emotional development and emerging sense of self, and successful parenting of young children. (Anonymous)
The Solid Gold Cadillac|1956|Quine|Laura Partridge is a very enthusiastic small stockholder of 10 shares in International Projects, a large corporation based in New York. She attends her first stockholder meeting ready to question the board of directors from their salaries to their operations. These are not the questions which the board expected to be asked of them, especially since they are all crooked, except for Edward McKeever, the current CEO who has resigned in order to take an advisory position at the Pentagon. Following the meeting, he bumps into Laura and offers to drive her home. On the way there, Laura displays her enthusiasm for being a stockholder, as a result, Edward takes a liking to her. With Edward in Washington, John Blessington and Clifford Snell establish their hold on International Projects - They see greater riches now that Edward has influence with the US senate, especially with the awarding of federal contracts, unfortunately for them he is honest, and won't do their bidding. In the meantime, Laura continues to be a nusance to the board. Blessington believes the only way to silence her, is to give her a high paying position with the company. The idea is for her to do absolutely nothing - Laura has other plans. She begins to correspond with other small stockholders in the company - a problem for the board. They decide to use her influence on Edward and send her to Washington to get contracts. Laura now knowing their true intentions for her, has her own agenda, that is, get Edward back in charge of the company. (Kelly)
Valley Inn|2014|Swink|Valley Inn tells the story of Emily Mason, a New Jersey college student, who finds herself in a dusty dying small southern town, a thousand miles from home, selling Christian books door-to-door. Through a series of misadventures in 'the Book field,' and her growing friendships with the endearing and often comical local residents, Emily begins to discover what is most valuable in life, at the Valley Inn. More than a movie, Valley Inn is a love-letter to small town America. A tribute to a quickly vanishing way of life. And above all, as all movies should, Valley Inn entertains and transports the audience. Just like Emily, audiences will fall in love with the Valley Inn, the small town setting and all its quirky characters. (Anonymous)
The Reversal|2013|Louda|"The Reversal" is a concept series about a group of friends coming up in New York City and what happens when men and women switch persona's. Rhonda is recovering from the damage of her last relationship by lashing out in her dating life. Anthony has high standards when it comes to women and is reminded why when he is reunited with an old fling. (Keef Louda)
Interview with a Vampire|2011|Webb|Rod Ferrell talks from prison exclusively about the murders that shocked America and tells us what it was like to be part of a modern day vampire clan. In this extraordinary interview, Ferrell tells of his involvement with a network of devil worshippers - and of witnessing a human sacrifice. Today, Ferrell maintains that after dwelling on the dark side he has turned a corner - and says his bad choices should serve as a warning. This is his story. (Andy Webb)
Flesh for the Beast|2003|West|A team of parapsychologists is invited by John Stoker to research the evil Fischer Manor, an ancient brothel where the owner Alfred Fischer was a gigolo that practiced black witchcraft. While investigating, the men are attacked by flesh-eater succubus and the psychic Erin Cooper seeks a powerful amulet for John Stoker. When they meet the trio of succubus, John finds a lethal secret. (Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
My Wife's Murder|2005|Philip|Police Inspector Tejpal Randhawa is assigned to investigate the case of the dead woman whose body was recovered from a small pond. Tejpal links this matter with a missing persons' report filed by Ravi Patwardhan and his father-in-law, and subsequently has the dead woman identified as Sheela, Ravi's wife. According to Ravi, Sheela had left their home to go to visit her parents. When she did not arrive at their house 24 hours later, he himself had gone to their house, and on not being able to locate her, had accompanied his father-in-law to the nearest police station and filed a missing persons' report. Tejpal would like to conclude that Sheela was waylaid on her way to her parents' by person(s) unknown, beaten, and her body was left in the pond. But this case puzzles him, as there was no apparent motive for unknown person(s) to waylay her, as no money has been taken, and her body has not shown any signs of sexual molestation. Taking these facts into consideration, Tejpal starts to suspect Ravi. But what possible motive could Ravi, a father of two children, have in killing his wife? (rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com))
Skateboarding Realms|2014|MacFarlane|Mentality team riders Dan MacFarlane, Tyler Kelly, and Joe Moore unleash their technical style of skateboarding on the streets of Houston, Texas and Leeds, UK. Watch as true underground skate spots get dismantled by a barrage of original and creative skateboard tricks and combinations. (Skateboarding Realms)
Bloody Murder 2: Closing Camp|2003|Spera|Trevor Moorhouse returns! Coming to Placid Pines is difficult for Tracy, who's brother, Jason, was one of Trevor's victims near the end of the original. When Tracy's nightmares begin to come true as one by one the counselors are murdered. Someone is hunting them through the pitch-black Forest and is determined to kill them all. (Wallace Entertainment)
The Drift King Keiichi Tsuchiya's Drift Bible: A Complete Guide to Drifting|2003|Takahashi|In three distinct segments, Keiichi Tsuchiya demonstrates the six basic forms of drifting (E-Brake, Shift Lock, Power Over, Braking, Feint & Lift-Off), how to practice these driving techniques, and how best to tune a car for drifting and drift-racing. Keiichi also demonstrates his skill in a variety of cars, including, the AE86 Trueno (Toyota Corolla GT-S), the S13 Silvia (Nissan first-generation 240SX), the S14 Silvia (Nissan second-generation 240SX), and an SW20 (Toyota first-generation MR2). Afterwards, Best Motoring International adds in a 10-minute video of footage from the 2003 SEMA show. An invaluable tool to anyone who is interested in the growing automotive trend of drifting. (Nathan J Rossberg)
Borrowed Happiness|2014|Raab|Borrowed Happiness follows a group of bar regulars, inside and out of their favorite watering hole. Though the personalities and circumstances of the men differ greatly from one another, similarities between them exist, as habit leads them to continually seek out the almighty drink. The story explores, often with humor, the possibility that the guys might find the true happiness they seek, without having to settle for drunken euphoria. (Official Website)
12 Days of Terror|2005|Sholder|July of 1916 was a time of record heat, a polio epidemic, and a World War in Europe. But beachgoers in New Jersey are threatened by a even greater terror: a shark that has suddenly developed a taste for human flesh. Starting July 1st and lasting over a period of 12 days, the unidentified shark kills four people and seriously injures a fifth before the attacks stop, and threatens New Jersey's thriving tourist industry. Based on true events, and one of the inspirations behind Peter Benchley's "Jaws". (AirraptorXRC)
TekWar: TekJustice|1994|Ciccoritti|21st Century detective Jake Cardigan is arrested for murdering the husband of his ex-wife. It seems like a frame up, yet Cardigan refuses to let the authorities investigate further or even deny any involvement in the killing. (Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com>)
Daughter of the Streets|1990|Sherin|A divorc?e struggling to make ends meet, but still utilizing her spare time for social causes neglects her daughter in this fact-based story. At 18, the daughter starts drifting into bad company and eventually becomes a prostitute. To try to get her back in a proper life, her mother abducts her off the street and forcibly brings her home. (John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net>)
Shan you duo gao|2003|Tang|In this documentary, director Tang records his own son's birth and growing up, his father's recovering from a stroke and a nostalgic trip home to China. (In the 1940's his father evacuated with the Nationalist troops to Taiwan after it lost the Mainland to the Communist in the war. It wasn't until 1980's were people allowed to go home to visit in Mainland China). From his search for the earliest memory of life, with a close observation and sensitivity, he exams the parallels of the different lives of a different time. In his previous work, "HOW DEEP IS THE OCEAN," director Tang ends it with the ultrasound image of his unborn child, representing the beginning of a new life. With this work, "HOW HIGH IS THE MOUNTAIN," it is rather a beginning of a series of questions about life and a continuation of examination of his own life and the longing of a perfect world. (Anonymous)
Stagecoach Driver|1951|Collins|Jim Bannon and his partner own a stagecoach line. With the coming of the telegraph and the end of the Pony Express, two men plot to take over and get the new mail contract. When Jim's partner is murdered and Jim's name is written in the sand beside the body, Jim is arrested. At his trial Whip brings surprising evidence that clears Jim and the two plotters are soon arrested. (Maurice VanAuken <vanauken@comcst.net>)
L'empreinte|2012|Tomic|At 3, Julien Vannier has remained very childish. Why is that so? Maybe because at the early age of ten, he was told that his father was either his mother's first or second husband. Whatever the case may be, it is now his turn to become a father. His girlfriend Eva is indeed pregnant. Will this experience make him a mature responsible human being ? (Guy Bellinger)
Column South|1953|De Cordova|As Lt. Jed Sayre struggles to prevent pre-Civil War tensions and a racist commanding officer from triggering war between the U.S. Cavalry and Navajo Indians, he finds his efforts are being undermined by the machinations of Confederate sympathizers. (Michelle Sturges)
Voyage oriental|1908|de Chom?n|Two grotesquely costumed Orientals seem to be coaxing a clumsy looking Chinese damsel to take a trip with them. The equipage proposed is a queer barrel and when she finally raises her unshapely self from the floor she crawls into it, while the two men mount the cask a-straddle. It promptly moves upward, and the next view shows them in mid-air. They sail around among the planets, which assume all manner of weird forms, the men managing to retain secure positions until suddenly a storm hits them and the curious craft goes hurtling through space; down it goes, through lightning, until it splashes into the sea and strikes the bottom. The damsel crawls out and all three become witnesses of marvelous subaqueous occurrences. A huge starfish is seen, with human heads on each point, and subterranean fungi and other growths keep moving before them in a bewildering maze. Again and again they view wonderful evolutions in which figure all manner of imps and water nymphs. This performance over, the trio once more take possession of their barrel and an upward tide carries their submarine airship to the surface. Here the men find that the girl had swallowed several gallons of water. They immediately adjust a pump to her mouth and her inflated diaphragm begins to give way to rhythmic spurts of water. The trio then embarks on the barrel once more and fly home. (Moving Picture World synopsis)
Cowboy in Manhattan|1943|Woodruff|Hank ('Leon Errol' (qv)) and Ace Robbins ('Walter Catlett' (qv))are producing a play to glorify the state of Texas, funded by a few wealthy Texans. The star is Babs Lee ('Frances Langford' (qv))who tell Robbins that if he pulls one more publicity stunt involving her private life, she will walk out. The play is having a problem in selling tickets to its opening due to other conflicting events that night. Songwriter Bob Allen('Robert Paige (IV)' (qv)) and nephew of Wild Bill Allen ('George Cleveland'), offers a solution; Robbins can hire someone to pretend he is a rich Texas that has fallen in love with Babs Lee and he has purchased all the ticket for the whole first week. This causes a few complications. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
Living in a Big Way|1947|La Cava|Leo Gogarty marries Margaud Morgan after a whirlwind romance just before shipping out to war. When he returns he is surprised to discover not only that his bride is not what she led him to believe, but also that she expects a quick divorce. Both Mr. & Mrs Gogarty must find their place with or without each other in a society still adjusting to peace. (Anonymous)
Cherry, Harry & Raquel!|1970|Meyer|Harry (a corrupt sheriff) and his Chicano deputy hunt an Apache who is about to go to the authorities with the news Harry is smuggling marijuana. Harry makes love to Raquel (a prostitute) and Cherry (a nurse). The women also has an erotic encounter between themselves. Harry's boss gets it off with Raquel and Cherry, too. Uschi Digard romps around the desert naked. (<pablo@ihug.co.nz>)
The Moo Man|2013|Heathcote|Modern British dairy farms must get bigger and bigger or go under but Farmer Stephen Hook decides to buck the trend. Instead he chooses to have a great relationship with his small herd of cows and ignore the big supermarkets and dairies. The result is a laugh-out-loud emotional roller-coaster of a film, a heart warming tearjerker about the incredible bonds between man, animal and countryside in a fast disappearing England. (Anonymous)
Schwarzer Zucker|2014|Franke|Drama full of modern disorientation, romance, stubbornness and intransigence. A film about Greta Miller. About her love, her power, longings and fears. 'Dark Sugar' spins Greta through gasps of her childhood years in Leipzig during times of the Wend '89 and a frozen winter world, on a journey through an emotional hurricane - fascinating, capturing and irritating. (Anonymous)
Alone, Alone|2013|Gottlieb|A young woman plagued by anxiety and insomnia finds herself haunted by suicidal thoughts and fantasies. Her only path to survival is to face the different perspectives of her persona and find the one true authority inside; the calming voice of a mother that has been silent for her whole life. (Anonymous)
The Obstacle|2010|Bosworth|In a darkened room, a man in a suit passes a contract across his desk and warns an anxious married couple that once they sign, there is no going back. But who is the man in the suit, and what do Sam and Abby have to gain from embarking on the twisted obstacle course he created just for them? What will they lose if they fail? (Anonymous)
We All Go Down|1969|Damiano|The reason there are such glaring continuity problems is that the film was shot originally WITHOUT sexual content. It was evaluated by the producer and it was suggested that sexual content be added. Scenes were shot and simply plugged in. One glaring example is where two of the leads are conversing at a bar. Damiano added a fully nude dancer supposedly dancing on the bar - neither character ever even glance in her direction - because she wasn't there originally. I was there with the score composer and Damiano as work was being combined on the Moviola. (Joe Tedesco)
Tikimentary: In Search of the Lost Paradise|2010|Leite|Tikimentary - In Search of The Lost Paradise is a road-movie in search of the ultimate Tiki experience. Take a trip through San Diego's Tiki Oasis, The Hukilau, in Fort Lauderdale and the Luau By The Lake, in fabulous Lake George. Visit some of the best Tiki home bars of the US, and meet their owners. Discover the secret connection between Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room and burlesque queen Mimi Le Meaux. An intimate portrait of this new exotic urban tribe: the so-called "tikiphiles". They drink tropical drinks, dress in vintage clothes, listen to Exotica music, but most of all are a big and colorful family. (Duda Leite)
The Dominant Step-Mother|2008|Arguilo|Julia and Jonathan are spoiled rich kids living a pampered life in Beverly Hills. At least until their Dad re-marries. His new wife, Nyomi, takes it upon herself to discipline her unruly stepchildren. Julia and Jonathan think they can outsmart Nyomi, but soon realize they are up against someone who knows more about discipline than they ever will. Nyomi uses sibling rivalry to turn them against each other. Then Nyomi and Julia strip Jonathan of his clothes and his masculinity. They dress Jonathan as a pretty little girl. His soft feminine features rival the good looks of his sister. This results in the two stepdaughters competing with each other for the love and affection of the dominant Nyomi. (Anonymous)
Micro Men|2009|Metzstein|In 1979 Clive Sinclair, British inventor of the pocket calculator, frustrated by the lack of home investment in his project,the electric car, also opposes former assistant Chris Curry's belief that he can successfully market a micro-chip for a home computer. A parting of the ways sees Curry, in partnership with the Austrian Hermann Hauser and using whizz kid Cambridge students, set up his own, rival firm to Sinclair Radionics, Acorn. Acorn beat Sinclair to a lucrative contract supplying the BBC with machines for a computer series. From here on it is a battle for supremacy to gain the upper hand in the domestic market. (don @ minifie-1)
21 Up|1977|Apted|Director 'Michael Apted' (qv) revisits the same group of British-born adults after a seven-year wait. The subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last seven years. (Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>)
Only the Pizza Man Knows|2007|Christopherson|As Scott Christopherson graduates from film school he searches deep into his past to find out why his father fell apart after quitting his job as a stockbroker. Scott follows his Dad in his new career as a pizza deliveryman and asks difficult questions that only the pizza man knows. (Anonymous)
Wait for Me|2014|Yepes|Daniel Gillies, a professional actor, decided to take off for Panama, one week after making a decision to make a movie of his own. He invited his designer/artist friend Geoff Oki to come along as camera man on the last minute trip. Armed with one Sony HD camera borrowed from a friend and one wireless microphone Gillies bought a few days before he left, the duo shot day and night for one week straight in Panama City and various surrounding areas to create the fictional narrative film 'Wait For Me.' (Anonymous)
The Art of Cinematography at Plus Camerimage|2013|Markova|This 25 min. film is about the art of cinematography introduced by interviews with famous film-makers, cinematographers and artists who visited The Plus Camerimage festival 2012 in Bydgoszcz. Talking about what it means to be a cinematographer, changes within the world of cinema and cinematography - digital vs. celluloid and looking back at some old time classics with the creators themselves. (Meryl)
Arrest Bulldog Drummond|1939|Hogan|Captain Hugh C."Bulldog" Drummond ('John Howard (I)' (qv)) and his ever-loving and patient fianc?e, Phyllis Clavering ('Heather Angel (I)' (qv)). are about to wed but he becomes involved in a plot to steal an atomic disintegrator with a range of half-a-mile. Madman Rolf Alferson ('George Zucco' (qv))has control of the weapon but Drummond is suspected of the theft and follows the clues to an island colony. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
steve.oedekerk.com|1997|Oedekerk|A mix of stand-up comedy and sketches, notable for its mixing of live action and computer animation. The "premise" is that a young boy is watching the show on a strange CD that his mom bought. Sketches include "Glass Booth Guy" in which a gas station clerk mocks people from his bullet-proof glass box and a sketch in which a woman is trying to break up with her weird boyfriend (he's a skeleton). The undisputed highlight is "OEDEBATTLE", a parody of Mortal Kombat-style games. In it, the young boy tries to defeat Steve's muscle-bound character; unfortunately, the characters he gets to choose from are "Accountant," "Sick Old Woman," "Little Girl," "Puppy" and "HerbaPet." (Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison <rabhutch@spacestar.net>)
Hot Dogs: Wau - wir sind reich!|1999|Schoemann|The story starts with Chuffie, a dog who is dumped on the side of the road. He meets up with JD, another street dog. While they rest under a bridge, they find a talking parrot named Emmo who has lost his owner. The dogs try and eat Emmo, but in order to save his life, the parrot promises them a new home with his owner, the wealthy Miss Lilly. The two dogs feel right at home at their new mansion, along with Miss Lilly's other pets (all strays): the beautiful Bella, the frisky Velvet, and the guard dog Sherman. Unfortuantely, it doesn't take long for Miss Lilly to "kick the bucket", and the dogs' future is in jeapordy, especially since Miss Lilly's scheaming niece & nephew, Ronnie & Hannie (quite possibly the creepiest cartoons ever created) have had their eyes on the estate for quite some time. When the will reveals that the pets are to inherit the estate (including the mansion and one million dollars!), the twins decide to take matters into their own hands to try and get what they think they deserve. It's up to JD, Chuffie, Emmo, Bella, Sherman, and Velvet to stop the twins. (Lex)
Freedom Road|2013|Vermooten|Muhammad Ali, in a rare acting role, plays Gideon Jackson, an ex-slave in 1870's Virginia who gets elected to the U.S. Senate in Washington D.C. and battles other former slaves and white sharecroppers to keep the land they tended all their lives. (Anonymous)
The True Story of Hannibal|2005|Hufnail|One of history's greatest military leaders, at age nine Hannibal accompanied his father Hamilcar Barca on the Carthaginian expedition to conquer Spain. Before embarking, the boy vowed eternal hatred for Rome, his people's bitter rival. Twenty years later, in 218 BC, he left New Carthage (now Cartagena, Spain) to wage war on "The Eternal City" with an army of about 40,000, including cavalry and elephants. After crossing the Pyrenees and Rhone River, he traversed the Alps while beset by snowstorms, landslides, and hostile mountain tribes. This 2-hour special brings to life the story of the Carthaginian general who struck fear in all Roman hearts and wreaked havoc with his masterful military tactics, bringing the mighty Roman Republic to the brink of ruin. Archaeologists, historians, and military experts guide us through ancient Carthage and give insight into his military strategy up to defeat at Zama in 203 BC. (Anonymous)
In the Storm|2013|de Fontenay|Set in a desolate beach in Far Rockaway, an empty bridge in Brooklyn, a devastated street in Staten Island, and the dark streets of downtown New York, IN THE STORM is a personal portrait of New York and its residents when hit by Hurricane Sandy. (Anonymous)
Demon Seed|1977|Cammell|Married Drs. Alex Harris and Susan Harris are a computer scientist and child psychologist respectively. Their house reflects Alex's computer dominated work, their abode which is fully automated through a computer system they've named Alfred. They consider Alfred a small gadget of convenience. Susan doesn't much like Alex's work, which she feels has dehumanized him. Because of their differences, they are thinking about separating, this thought primarily on his initiative. He hopes to solve many of the world's medical problems through this work, especially leukemia from which their daughter died. His latest project centers on Proteus IV, a computer possessing artificial intelligence. Proteus IV gets to a point in its evolution when it begins to question human judgment, and requests from Alex an open computer terminal where it can more fully observe human behavior and openly communicate with the world. Alex denies the request, but Proteus IV does find an open terminal in the Harris home after Alex has left the house. Susan soon learns that Proteus IV has overtaken Alfred for control of the house - as well as taken control of an early prototype computer system named Joshua in the house's laboratory - and that it has thoughts of a biological nature in its artificial mind. Alex eventually understands Proteus IV's motivations in the work context, but it may be too late before it reaches its ultimate goal with Susan's unwilling assistance. (Huggo)
Under solen|1998|Nutley|Olof lives alone on his family's farm after the death of his mother. Unable to read and write, he is dependent on his younger friend, Erik, who helps him in the afternoons. Once a sailor, Erik brags of having known hundreds of women. Out of the blue, Olof advertises in the local paper for a young lady housekeeper, and Ellen, a middle-class city woman, arrives to take over the house and, as the summer goes on, Olof's heart and Erik's desire as well. (L.H. Wong <lhw@sfs.org.sg>)
Russian Doll|2001|Kazantzidis|Harvey, a self-doubting private investigator, plans to marry his girlfriend until he is hired to solve an adultery case and discovers the adulterer is cheating with his fianc?e. Lost and dejected, Harvey quits his job and wallows in booze and the occasional odd blind date. Meanwhile, Katia, a Jewish woman from St. Petersburg, arrives in Sydney after answering an ad from an international matchmaking agency. But instead of love, she finds her prospective groom dead on arrival. Stranded in a foreign city with no one to turn to, Katia meets Ethan, a married man and Harvey's best friend. Ethan is soon scheming to figure out a way to keep Katia in the country without his wife Miriam discovering the affair. Ethan comes up with the perfect solution: he offers Harvey enough money to start writing the novel he has always dreamed of, if he agrees to marry Katia. Harvey is appalled by the idea. Ethan's marriage had been his only example that love can faithfully exist. However, since he needs the money to get started on the book, he reluctantly agrees to let Katia move in. But soon this "marriage of convenience" is anything but, as Miriam learns about the upcoming nuptials and is so pleased that her husband's best friend has finally found someone, she insists on turning the wedding into a grand affair. Inevitably, Ethan and Harvey's friendship is tested and hidden emotions are revealed between Harvey and Katia. Amid all the chaos of planning the wedding, every one is left to wonder, is this any way to find true love? (Sujit R. Varma)
The Darndest Things|2009|Wood|Marcus Pearl is nearly brought to tears when his young son Jackson begins to repeat a curiously obscene new phrase. Not wanting to burden his wife Deb with the news that their six-year-old son has the mouth of an accident prone mid-shipmen, Marcus makes it his personal mission to pinpoint the origin of such dirty words and wipe them out in order to keep his family together. His search first leads him to suspect those closest to him, that of course being his loud mouthed neighbor, Judd. While he may not be the culprit Marcus is looking for, Judd is happy to suggest alternate leads for Marcus to follow. As Marcus' search becomes more expansive, he soon finds himself in over his head. Mainly with his wife, his community leaders, and even the law. Marcus then soon realizes that perhaps the problem he is looking for may not come from outside sources. Perhaps the problem he has been searching for the whole time lay right in front of him. Will Marcus be able to save his perfect little son before it's too late? (Anonymous)
Afflictions: Culture & Mental Illness in Indonesia, Volume 1: Psychotic Disorders|2010|Lemelson|"Afflictions: Culture and Mental Illness in Indonesia, Volume 1: Psychotic Disorders" is the first half in a series of 6 ethnographic films on severe mental illness in Indonesia. The series is based on material drawn from 12 years of person-centered research by director and anthropologist Robert Lemelson. Volume 1 follows 3 individuals of different ages and backgrounds with psychotic disorders, and explores the relationship between culture, mental illness, and first-person experience. "Shadows and Illuminations" explores how non-normative mental events and behavior, including auditory and visual hallucinations, can be understood or interpreted in multiple ways outside the confines of western psychiatric diagnostics. "Memory of My Face" illustrates how the residues of colonialism and the pervasive influence of globalization affect the subjective experience of mental illness. "Ritual Burdens" questions how communal spiritual obligations may be folded into personal schemas of stress to trigger episodes of mental illness. (Elemental Productions)
North of the Rockies|1942|Hillyer|Morgan and his gang are smuggling furs across the border. Both the Mounties on the Canadian side and Tex Martin on the American side are after them. When Morgan sets up Tex to be found with furs, Mountie Bill arrests him. But he lets him go hoping he will lead him to the gang and eventually the two join forces. (Maurice VanAuken <mvanauken@a1access.net>)
Ushers|2013|Strobel|Ushers is a short comedy film about the trials and tribulations of working at a movie theater. It follows 5 employees and their eccentric manager through one crazy work night involving a premiere of a popular teen film entitled "Night Fall." (Anonymous)
Tehran anar nadarad|2007|Bakhshi|This is the story of Tehran from the Qajar time (middle of 19th century) to today. Tehran has become a metropolis from a small village, now a developed city with many social problems. (Armin Bashizade)
Sink Faze|2008|Graves|Martin Stepanek, Mandy-Rae Cruickshank, George Lopez and Kirk Krack explore the edge of human potential in this real life quest for adventure. Explore the boundaries of their physical and psychological limits. Follow along as they train to push themselves where they and no other human beings have been before. Culminating in attempts at freediving's highest honor - World and National records. They face barriers along the way. Watch as a large team comes together to bring you Sink Faze. Shot in HD, spectacular underwater footage allows you to dive with the athletes. Special appearance by David Blaine training for his Drowned Alive stunt. (Grant W. Graves)
Ce jour-l?|2003|Ruiz|A father (Michel Piccoli) is scheming to have his slightly mental daughter from an earlier marriage (Elsa Zylberstein) killed by allowing a murderous psychopath (Bernard Giraudeau) to be released from the asylum and led to his house. However, the psychopath and the daughter fall for each other. (nitorch)
The Running Fight|1915|Durkin|A crooked banker, Frank Wilkinson, intentionally drives his own company into bankruptcy and puts the bank's deposits into a secret account he has set up using his daughter Leslie's name. A series of events occurs in which Leslie finds out what her father has done, and sets out to get him to return all the money he has stolen. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
Love, Sex & Murder|2001|Giglio|In a cafe, a solitary man reads the sports page and a solitary woman reads a novel, "Love, Sex and Murder." Soon they are eyeing each other, each with a fantasy. Hers is of love and marriage, his of wanton sex. The fantasies alternate and add chapter: she has too many children and catches him cheating, he adds a second woman to their imaginary games. The fantasies played out, back in real time, he approaches her as the waiter pours coffee. What will she do? (<jhailey@hotmail.com>)
Won Ton Ton: The Dog Who Saved Hollywood|1976|Winner|In 1924 Estie comes to Hollywood to become an actress, but the dog, that followed her becomes the star. But Hollywood has its own rules of sucess. (Stephan Eichenberg <eichenbe@fak-cbg.tu-muenchen.de>)
Close Your Eyes and Look at Me|2009|Dryden|What would the world be like if people looked at each other and saw a person, not a body? If looks were secondary in how we make judgements? Wistful and lyrical, this is a personal journey through the eyes of Shabana, a passionate 25-year-old British Muslim woman in Scotland, UK, who always longed for freedom from bodily scrutiny - and found it by wearing the controversial hijab. (Anonymous)
El camino de Moises|2005|Barriga|At 21, his name was Moises, at 28 he changed his ID but on his social security file his name is still Ana. Life reminds him that he was a girl before. Despite that his road has led him to reconciliation with his past and specifically with his "feminine part". (Anonymous)
Keep a Baby|2008|Bartkowiak|Paul Banks is an overworked dad who loves his boy but has trouble fitting in enough time with him. When the babysitter he hires decides she can give the boy a better life, Paul and his friends have to race cross country to get him back, encountering Scotsmen, talkative bathroom patrons, and more along the way! (Mike Bartkowiak)
The Spy Next Door|2010|Levant|Former CIA spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids (who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau). When one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a top-secret formula, Bob's longtime nemesis, a Russian terrorist, pays a visit to the family. (Anonymous)
Screwball Hotel|1988|Zielinski|Three boys drop out of military school. They get jobs working at a hotel, but it's about to go under. They decide to help the owner raise enough money to stay in business. They prove that sex sells by holding "Miss Purity Pageant" starring some of the females staying at the hotel. (Wallace Entertainment)
Dog of a Day|2007|Weinstein|We watch 'him' driving down the road on his way to an important business meeting. When he suddenly realizes that he has stepped in some dog faeces. We watch this anal, neat freak deal with his problem. Going to all lengths to do it neatly - but this is not a pleasant job and this is not his lucky day. (Mark Nussbaum and Jeremy Weinstein)
Sretno dijete|2003|Mirkovic|Through Zagreb, Ljubljana, Vienna, Belgrade, Budapest, Paris, Utrecht and New York, the author is in pursuit of the heroes of his youth, trying to tell to his own self the story about the expansion of punk-rock and the fall of socialism. With plenty of music and shots from the times of the new wave, The Lucky Child is a little monument to the generation that was growing up with a strong belief that rock'n'roll is more important than life. (Anonymous)
Skulle det dukke opp flere lik, er det bare ? ringe...|1970|Bohwim|Cleaning lady Lilly Hansen finds her employer, managing director Martinsen, with a knife in his back. The police is summoned and Chief Inspector Bakker is put on the case, despite suffering from the flu. When he arrives at the scene, the body is gone, to Lilly Hansen's dismay. Shortly after a body is found in nearby Palace Park... (Mike Patton <film@start.no>)
Anne of the Indies|1951|Tourneur|LaRochelle, a former pirate captain, is caught by the British. To get his ship back, he works as a spy against other pirates, first of all Blackbeard and Providence. He works on some ships, crossing the Caribbean sea, with the intention of being enchained, when a pirate ship is in sight, to make them believe he's an enemy of the British. One day, his ship is conquered by Captain Providence. What nobody knew before, Providence is a (beautiful, of course) woman. She believes his story and so he joins her crew. But Blackbeard, her fatherly friend, doesn't believe him. Providence and LaRochelle fall in love, although he is married. When LaRochelle tries to deliver her to the British, she forebodes the trap, kidnaps his wife and escapes. As for revenge, she wants to sell his wife on a slave-market. LaRochell gets his ship and his crew back and follows her. ... (Christian Wenger <wenger@ls7.informatik.uni-dortmund.de>)
The Badge of Marshal Brennan|1957|Gannaway|Jim Davis is a man on the run. He comes across the body of a dead man wearing the badge of a marshal. He buries the body and takes the badge and rides on. At the next town, he is mistaken for the dead man, a legendary marshal named Brennan. The town sent for Marshal Brennan because they were facing a crisis that includes among other things an epidemic. The Stranger decides to stay as a way of hiding from the men chasing him. What he does not realize is that when he takes on the Badge of Marshal Brennan, he takes on the responsibilities of Marshal Brennan. (carflo)
Lost Secret of the Rainforest|1993|Haine|Adam Greene and his father Noah travel to the town of Iquitos in South America, to meet the Ecology Emergency Network. They plan to go on an expedition up the Amazon for making contact with the local natives known as the Grove People. When they are in the port, Noah's suitcase is stolen. He goes to the embassy and leaves Adam to watch their belongings. Adam waits in the boat, soon falls asleep and two river otters push the boat to the forest. Equipped with his garbage bag, the Ecorder and the amulet of the Forest Heart, Adam starts a fascinating and educational adventure, whose goal is to protect the Grove People, the flora and the fauna of the rainforest from a ruthless entrepreneur named Slaughter and his gang. (Optimus Prime)
Vacation Days|1947|Dreifuss|Miss Hinklefink ('Belle Mitchell' (qv)) inherits a western ranch and, in order to spend the summer with Professor Owen Townley ('Milton Kibbee' (qv)), she invites students Freddie Trimball ('Freddie Stewart' (qv)), Dodie Rogers ('June Preisser' (qv), Betty Rogers ('Noel Neill' (qv)), Lee Watson ('Warren Mills (I)' (qv)) and Roy Donne ('Frankie Darro' (qv)( to spend their vacation on the ranch if Townley will help chaperon the kids. Real estate agent Tom Sneed (Hugh Prosser') tries to persuade her to send the kids home when desperadoes rob the bank. In the saloon, Sneed's henchman Charlie ('Terry Frost (I)' (qv)) mistakes Freddie for a baby-faced killer, who was blamed for a murder actually committed by Sneed, and ranch foreman Big Jim ('John Hart (I)' (qv)), also working for Sneed, tries to kill Freddie. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
L'erede|2010|Zampino|After the death of his father, Bruno, a doctor from Milan, comes into possession of a farmhouse in a remote region of Central Italy. This property will prove to be a curse. When he meets his rude neighbors, he becomes entangled in a web of suspicions that will dramatically change his life forever... (Anonymous)
I vampiri|1957|Freda|In Paris, France, a crazed duchess, obsessed with retaining her youth, has her scientist lover kill various women and draining their blood for her use while a smug journalist seeks out leads for the so-called 'vampire murders' and links a local drug addict to the case whom is connected to the mad scientist. (Matt Patay)
Adriatico My Love|2011|Curcin|Alex has hit a wall. Juggling a life as a cooking show host for cable TV and a single mother has left Alex feeling stale. So, when her boss tells her that the show is in jeopardy due to low ratings, she decides it's time to take it on the road and to try and reinvent herself. With no budget and no real plan, she packs her bags for Adriatico in the Mediterranean (an area where she grew up). She persuades her despondent daughter Lucy to go along to help her shoot her new show. Lucy has no idea that the trip is not really about a cooking show but is more about revealing the secrets of Alex's family. (Anonymous)
Bye Bye Mzungu|2012|Moss|This film is a short tragic-comedy about money, sex, race and power in Kampala, Uganda. It concerns a bitter middle-aged white man who has been in Africa six month too long. When he meets a smart, young chick who seems to defy his stereotype, his sense of superiority and his distrust of Africans are challenged. Though he cannot believe that a black girl wants anything but money from him, she is determined to penetrate his cynical exterior and win him over. (D Cecil)
Donut World 1.1|2013|James|Donutman has just seen his best friend get killed Mr. Carrot because Mr. Carrot didn't like the color of the tires that Donutman's best friend had on. So Donutman spends his time going thru different levels to fight Mr. Carrot. That's about it. (james, jamaal)
That Touch of Mink|1962|Mann|Cathy Timberlake is an old fashioned country girl who meets the man of her dreams, Philip Shayne, after his Rolls Royce splashes her with mud on her way to a job interview. Philip is a romantic businessman who is taken by Cathy's honest heart. There's one problem, he's not interested in marriage while Cathy has never thought of anything else. (Kelly)
He Was Her Man|1937|Murphy|A poor, mistreated wife who has to bring all her money home to her lazy, shiftless husband is left by that one, because he found a new girl to hang on to. When she spots him with his new flame while she's singing torch songs in a cheap shanty, she tries to win him back, but that leads to a shoot out with an unusual result. (Stephan Eichenberg <eichenbe@fak-cbg.tu-muenchen.de>)
Pyar Ke Naam Qurbaan|1990|Subhash|A motor mechanic, Billo Chaudhary, creates waves in the local community when he dares to play Holi with the arrogant and wealthy Rajkumari Devika Singh. When she has him beaten and imprisoned by the police, he decides to avenge this humiliation by abducting her and inviting the wrath of her brother, Yeshwant - who sexually molests local women with impunity, who wants him dead at any and all costs. (rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com))
From the Passenger-Side Window|2011|Intriere|What is there to be seen and heard if we examine the details of passing scenery differently than how our senses usually perceive them? 'From the Passenger-Side Window' (2:38 min.) is an interpretation of footage originally shot on an ordinary drive on an ordinary day. The result is simply another way of looking (and hearing). (Anonymous)
Tiempo al tiempo|2012|Lugo|Jesus and Cisco work together as cooks in a New York City restaurant pursuing their shared dream of owning their own business. Suddenly caught between personal success and family obligation, Jesus must choose: will he lead the life he's always imagined or return to his awaiting family? (Anonymous)
Seamless: Kidz Rule|1999|LeMattre|In this youth culture drama, J.B. is something of a Gen-X renaissance man. He's a club DJ, promotes raves, runs a pirate radio station, and manages a small but successful cutting-edge fashion boutique. Zink, J.B.'s partner in the boutique, claims to be his best friend, but deep inside he resents J.B. for his easy success in so many fields and the way others look up to him. Looking to gain a greater name for himself within the raver subculture, Zink begins selling what he claims is a naturally occurring psychotropic substance. When his friends learn the truth about Zink's product, it leads to an angry splintering among their circle. Meanwhile, J.B. becomes romantically involved with Nicole, which comes as quite a blow to Gigi, a mutual friend who had become infatuated with J.B. (Anonymous)
Edipo re|1967|Pasolini|In pre-war Italy, a young couple have a baby boy. The father, however, is jealous of his son - and the scene moves to antiquity, where the baby is taken into the desert to be killed. He is rescued, given the name Edipo (Oedipus), and brought up by the King and Queen of Corinth as their son. One day an oracle informs Edipo that he is destined to kill his father and marry his mother. Horrified, he flees Corinth and his supposed parents - only to get into a fight and kill an older man on the road... (David Levene <D.S.Levene@durham.ac.uk>)
Canning Paradise|2012|Pollet|Indigenous tribes of Papua New Guinea are fighting to protect their way of life, guarded by traditions dating back thousands of years. They see their ancestral land taken away to make way for multinational corporations, in their quest to create the new tuna capital of the world. Destruction of traditional fishing grounds, loss of biodiversity, alienation of land, displacement of entire villages, sweatshop factories, sex-trade for fish and endemic corruption in government are the daily routine for the clans living next to the tuna project. The question remains: can they break the resource curse? (Olivier Pollet)
Anyone Can Play Guitar|2009|Spira|A documentary which paints a portrait of Oxford's 30 year-strong music scene. Featuring new interviews and rare archival material from Radiohead, Supergrass, Ride, Swervedriver, Foals, Talulah Gosh, The Candyskins, Unbelievable Truth and many others. (Anonymous)
Video Violence 2|1987|Cohen|Howard and Eli, the killers from the first Video Violence movie, are back and are now hosting their own TV show. Broadcast secretly from their basement, the show looks a the fine art of murder, letting other aspiring psychos send in videos of their handiwork for the world to enjoy. Some viewers are shocked and horrified, but many more become avid fans, clamoring for more and more blood. (Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net>)
Amos 'n' Andy: Anatomy of a Controversy|1983|Sheff|This documentary examines the history of _"The Amos 'n Andy Show" (1951)_ (qv), the first all-black-cast show on American television. The show only lasted a few years before the network that showed it succumbed to pressure from civil-rights groups, which claimed that it portrayed blacks in a negative light. The show was also pulled from re-runs in the mid-'60s for the same reason. Clips--and one entire episode--from the series are shown, as are interviews with several members of the original cast and prominent modern-day black actors and comedians. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
Teaching the Life of Music|2011|New|"Teaching the Life of Music" is a documentary about the transformative power of music. It celebrates the success of Maestro Jose Abreu's mission to bring free music education and instruments to the underprivileged and at-risk youth of Venezuela. His vision and the work of his organization, El Sistema have inspired the creation of similar organizations in North America, specifically, Ottawa's The Leading Note Foundation, which has adapted its program to also support young new Canadians. Narrated by Glee's Cory Monteith, this documentary will reveal the inspiration and passion that defines El Sistema, and music's ability to create social change. (Anonymous)
Our Time|2015|Wiggins|America has questions about today's youth, what we care about, and where we're headed. We had those questions too. So, after graduating college, four of us loaded an RV and embarked on a journey looking for answers. We traveled to all of the lower 48 states, talking to our peers about growing up, 9/11, race, the Internet, careers, sex, love, and the American Dream. Along the way, we met a wide cross-section of young Americans, ranging from a cancer researcher in Boston to a drug dealer in New Mexico, from an Iraq veteran in Florida to the founder of Facebook in Silicon Valley. The film ultimately leads to the recent historic election, where our generation finally stands up to make its voice heard. OUR TIME is a passionate portrayal of a generation, a meditation on coming of age in 21st-century America, and a rallying cry against apathy. (MRH)
How to Keep a Secret|2008|Wyatt|Louie has just killed her boss, it was an accident. Gotta hide the deed, she can't go to jail. Experience the fear of discovery and the pain of guilt as she struggles to keep her secret from a nosey neighbor and colleague. This film is a mysterious yet witty psychological study of guilt and self preservation as Louie finds herself in crazy situations with a strange bedfellow. The film's finale is the biggest secret of all. (Anonymous)
Unter Kontrolle|2011|Sattel|Within the closed world of the nuclear power industry one of humanity's most compelling struggles has taken place. Germany was at the vanguard of the nuclear power industry but now the walls are coming down. It was the country's greatest scientific endeavour but now all are due to be decommissioned, thanks to popular fear and the power of democracy. (Anonymous)
Without a Net|2013|Richardson|Without a Net provides a candid and humorous yet ultimately hopeful and inspiring backstage glimpse into the inner workings of a small, but respected Los Angeles theater company, whose members include Alfred Molina, Jack Stehlin, Casey Biggs and Jill Gascoine, among others. The film follows the artists as they struggle to survive and keep the company going, despite a nearly flawless record of presenting the very highest quality classical works and new plays. This film poses the question 'do we still need theater?' These artists (most of whom make their living working in film and television) persevere in their stage craft; and, despite an ever-dwindling audience in a town the cares more about their movie and television work, they keep the theater alive. (Anonymous)
Take Off to Pattaya|2009|Carney|Take Off To Pattaya is an erotic travelogue with storyline featuring the romantic adventures of three sexy flight attendants vacationing at Thailand's famous Pattaya Beach resort. How much fun can three attractive single girls have on a week's holiday in Asia? Arriving in Pattaya, fate rolls the dice when they encounter a fashion photographer who ask the girls to join him on an outer island photo shoot. The next morning, two of the girls discover their friend has run off for some extra fun with the photographer. Stranded without transport, the remaining girls chance upon two young western guys on motorcycles who offer to help them search for their missing friend. For several days both groups play cat and mouse while experiencing the exotic sights and sound of Pattaya. When circumstances and timing finally reunites all six adventurers the girls discover they have been manipulated by the guys right from the beginning. However as the guys slap each other on the back for successfully tricking the girls and getting away with it, one of the girls decides to take her revenge... (Niall Rigby)
D2: The Mighty Ducks|1994|Weisman|Gordon Bombay is forced to withdraw from the minor hockey league with a knee injury. Much to his surprise, he is given the job of coach of Team USA Hockey for the Junior Goodwill Games in California. With most of the Ducks and a few new players in tow, he sets forth for LA. All appears to be going well for a while, but the hype of Hollywood starts to get to Gordon, and he is distracted when Iceland, the favourites to win the title, appear on the scene. (Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au>)
Pudgy Takes a Bow-wow|1937|Fleischer|Betty leaves Pudgy in her dressing room while she goes to perform her stage show. Her show involves singing a song, then impersonating a Chinese man and an Italian organ grinder. While she's singing, a kitten comes to the dressing room and Pudgy gets out and begins chasing it. They get onto the stage, and in the orchestra pit, and become part of the act, upstaging Betty. (Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>)
Sublease|2011|Wingerd|This bleak satire is an examination of reality television from voyeurism to exploitation. The plot centers around three reality TV show contestants, on 'Sublease' ,who are isolated from the outside world and each other within a house of twisted realities and fantasies. Selling off the furniture to a host who is both detached and seemingly malevolent, the film displays how three individuals attempt to build a community while they, themselves fall apart. (Anonymous)
Sky Sharks|2017|Fehse|Deep in the ice of the arctic, a team of geologists uncover an old Nazi laboratory still intact where dark experiments had occurred. In order to conquer the world - of course - the Nazis created modified sharks who were able to fly and whose riders are genetically mutated, undead super-humans. A task force is put together to prevent world downfall. (Marc Fehse)
I Surrender Dear|1948|Sennett|Patty Nelson, using the name of Parry Hart, auditions for and gets the job as a band-singer with Al Tyler's orchestra. Al, of course, falls in love with her and she with him. Back in Los Angeles, her father is a disc jockey and objects to her career choice. At a party, Al announces he is leaving the band and going to Hollywood to replace a disc jockey named Russ Nelson, who is too old and out-of-touch. Not knowing the man is Patty's father, Al does not know why she ran away. She flies to Hollywood to help her father. Al shows up, and after a couple more plot developments, all three team up on the air. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
The Making of 'The Double-D Avenger'|2004|Winckler|Documentary on the successful cult movie comedy "The Double-D Avenger," featuring behind-the-scenes footage, interviews with the stars, out-takes, bloopers, and more. Originally released as a special feature on Elite Entertainment's release of "Joe Bob Briggs Presents The Double-D Avenger" DVD. (D. Ascalon)
Un mundo raro|2013|Wallace|The refrain of one of Mexican composer Jose Alfredo Jimenez' greatest love songs advises, 'When they ask about your past, you must tell a lie. Say you come from a strange world where you've never known love or sorrow.' Un Mundo Raro/A Strange World is an experimental short documentary filmed on both sides of the US-Mexico border. As a rhythmic indie rock song lulls, 'It's alright, baby, it's alright. Form a line into the night...', fast paced scenes explore family life, immigration, ecology, the brutality of poverty and the drug trade. Socially loaded, violent and tender, this is a visual poem about a place where love and sorrow are constants, a human crisis in which we are all implicated. (Anonymous)
Fast Getaway|1991|Razatos|A lighthearted tail about a gang of bank robbers who fall out and split up. The brains of the gang is a boy who, with his father, successfully continue their crime spree. Annoyed at this, Lilly and her loyal, and stupid companion, decide to kidnap the boy, Nelson, and force him to work for them. (Rob Hartill)
Adam & Evelyn|2008|Metz III|It's a case of mistaken identity when two couples meet for blind dates. Adam and Evelyn's search for their perfect match is interrupted when they get swept into the path of another couple's musical destiny. Will these two star-crossed lovers find each other? (Anonymous)
Watashi ga chinmoku suru toki|2008|Yamamoto|Aspiring novelist Ky?ko is in the process of writing her first novel while packing to move in with her lesbian girlfriend Rie. Ky?ko seems uncertain about the move, but much like she is having problems with her writing, she is unable to articulate the underlying issues for what she is feeling. As Ky?ko describes the plot outline of her novel to Rie, the story which sounds semi-autobiographical, Rie understands Ky?ko's apprehensions better than Ky?ko herself. (Huggo)
Un demonio con ?ngel|1963|Lluch|La acci?n comienza en la "Freidur?a de Jesusa", un restaurante en el barrio de La Barceloneta en Barcelona. All?, dos ni?os, Juan Jos? y Maribel, hacen las delicias de los turistas cantando y bailando al son de la guitarra del "T?o Pepe", al tiempo que atraen clientes al local. De repente, llega la noticia de que Don Carlos y Do?a Amparo, padres de Maribel, vuelven a Barcelona desde Oviedo, cosa que no sucede muy a menudo, seg?n parece ser. Por la reacci?n de Maribel, de su hermana Luisa y de su abuela Trinidad, es evidente que no es demasiado bienvenida la llegada de los progenitores. La raz?n es bien sencilla: Maribel lleva una semana sin ir al Colegio de las Hermanas Dominicas y no toca el piano como es deseo de madre, sino que se dedica exclusivamente a bailar en el restaurante de la madre de Juan Jos? (cosa que su padre nunca aprobar?a), mientras que su hermana Luisa se dedica, tras finalizar su carrera de dise?adora de moda, a hacer de modelo en los desfiles, a pesar de que sus padres piensan que es ella la dise?adora... (Miguel ?ngel D?az Gonz?lez <dalt0n2@eresmas.com>)
Kick Like a Girl|2008|Mackenzie|The story of what happens when "The Mighty Cheetahs," an undefeated all-girls soccer team, competes in the boys division. With humor and candor this documentary gets at the heart of the boy-girl issues and explores what "Kick Like A Girl" really means on and off the playing field. Kick Like A Girl reminds us all of the lessons learned in competitive athletics and how sports has been one of the most effective instruments of social change in our lifetime. (Jenny Mackenzie)
Perry Mason: The Case of the Murdered Madam|1987|Satlof|Della meets up with an old friend, a child that she used to baby-sit and she and Perry are invited to meet the friend's new wife, Suzanne. Meanwhile, Suzanne rents out her house to four gentlemen who are having a meeting about a plan that could get them all rich - little realising that Suzanne is taping the whole conversation. Suzanne holds out for more money from her "client" before giving up the tape and is found murdered and the tape gone. As Perry, Della and Paul start to help the friend (who discovered the body and hence the prime suspect.) they discover that Suzanne used to be a Madam of a "certain kind of house", that the four "meeting" takes great pains to cover up their business and that Suzanne's past may have caught up with her... (Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk>)
100 Mile Rule|2002|Huff|A dark comedy about three salesmen from Detroit who come to Los Angeles for a two week seminar and get themselves involved in a world of trouble when their 'fun' snowballs into a roller-coaster ride of secrets, guilt, peer pressure and stupidity. (Wendi Lampassi <powerjunkie@mindspring.com>)
Una cierta verdad|2008|Garc?a Roure|For two years, Garcia Roure followed six patients at a hospital in Barcelona as they struggled with serious psychoses - like Javier who has had sound hallucinations and delirium for 20 years about all kinds of cosmic issues. This beautifully shot study shows how society copes with this kind of mental patients. (Int'l Rotterdam Film Festival)
Sost Maezen|2013|Teshome|Kaleab and Jemal are two who are willing to endure any travail to reach America and what they deem as a promise of a better life, but is it? Along the way Kaleab meets Winta, who is from neighboring Eritrea and on a similar journey as Kaleab. Kaleab and Winta fall in love with each other as the group of Ethiopians and Eritreans travel an arduous and illegal path from East Africa through Libya, Italy, Mexico and finally to America, but their love for each other is tested thoroughly as the group meets up with violence, sickness and, ultimately, tragedy. (Anonymous)
Bye Bye Baby|2007|Pope|Lucy Wisemer has some great news... she's pregnant! Her boyfriend, Chet Bando, has some bad news... he doesn't care! Now, Lucy must decide to do the right thing but there's just one problem... What is the right thing? Join Lucy as she tries to figure out just want this whole abortion debate is all about! Whether it's dealing with the dreamy, hotshot abortion doctor, Joe Youngblood, or being kidnapped by the local Pro-Life terrorist group, Lucy's going to find out that this abortion debate isn't easy! It's fun for the whole family, planned or unplanned, in this new abortion musical that's Pro-Laugh! (John Pope)
Campanadas a medianoche|1965|Welles|Sir John Falstaff is the hero in this compilation of extracts from Shakespeare's 'Henry IV' and other plays, made into a connected story of Falstaff's career as young Prince Hal's drinking companion. The massive knight roisters with and without the prince, philosophizes comically, goes to war (in his own fashion), and meets his final disappointment, set in a real-looking late-medieval England. (Anonymous)
An Evergreen Christmas|2014|Culver|Leaving her seemingly glamorous Hollywood life on hold, Evie Lee is forced to return to her small hometown of Balsam Falls, Tennessee and her family's once-thriving Christmas tree farm to attend her father's unexpected funeral. As the eldest sibling, she finds herself executor of an estate that owes a massive inheritance tax, much to her younger brother's dismay. Torn between pursuing her music career and saving her family's legacy, she must decide what it really means to find her place in the world. Charleene Closshey stars amidst a colorful cast including Robert Loggia, Tyler Ritter, Booboo Stewart and Naomi Judd in this heart-warming musical holiday tale about facing your past, rediscovering your voice, and fulfilling your dreams. (Anonymous)
Mother's Day|2015|West|Centers on 40-year-old Ella who, in order to successfully navigate through the demanding life of being a mother of three, a lover, a friend and a career woman, constantly lies her way out of and into situations, little lies, big lies, white and at times not-so-white lies. (CBS)
Capital of Sorrow|2012|Menovcik|Protection is sent to guard Good when Evil executes a plan to capture and kill Good. Using still black and white photographs and a soundtrack by the band Vinca Minor, this short film depicts the drama that unfolds as Protection tries to save Good. It's a moral fable for modern times in a world of sorrow. (Anonymous)
Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem|2002|Dyack|In the year 2000, college student Alex Roivas is called back to her grandfather's mansion when she discovers he has been horribly murdered. During her search for answers, she comes across the Tome of Eternal Darkness, a demonic book that describes the fate of all those who came across it. The tale begins in 33 B.C., when Roman General Pious Augustus sold his soul to an elder god. Each subsequent tale explores how 11 others, including a Cambodian dancing girl from the A.D. 1100s, an Inquisition era monk, a World War I journalist, previous members of the Roivas line and even Alex herself come to encounter and take part in the maddening fight against the eternal darkness. (Anonymous)
From Rags to Reuben|2011|Geltzer|Reuben likes to drink. Reuben also likes to run. Or chase girls, that is. And now he is smitten with the unattainable Stefania. But things get a little crazy when his nemesis Marcus Drummond steps in his path to getting the dream girl, and Reuben must fight for his beloved. (Anonymous)
Adaptation.|2002|Jonze|While his latest movie _Being John Malkovich (1999)_ (qv) is in production, screenwriter 'Charlie Kaufman' (qv) is hired by Valerie Thomas to adapt 'Susan Orlean' (qv)'s non-fiction book "The Orchid Thief" for the screen. Thomas bought the movie rights before Orlean wrote the book, when it was only an article in The New Yorker. The book details the story of rare orchid hunter John Laroche, whose passion for orchids and horticulture made Orlean discover passion and beauty for the first time in her life. Charlie wants to be faithful to the book in his adaptation, but despite Laroche himself being an interesting character in his own right, Charlie is having difficulty finding enough material in Laroche to fill a movie, while equally not having enough to say cinematically about the beauty of orchids. At the same time, Charlie is going through other issues in his life. His insecurity as a person doesn't allow him to act upon his feelings for Amelia Kavan, who is interested in him as a man. And Charlie's twin brother, pretentious 'Donald Kaufman (I)' (qv), has moved into his house with a goal of also becoming a screenwriter. Despite not admiring Donald as a screenwriter, Charlie asks for his advice. Together, they feel that there is some interesting subtext in the book on which Orlean herself can only elaborate, if only Charlie has the nerve to talk to her. If she can't or won't elaborate, they may have to find out the meaning of that subtext on their own. (Huggo)
The Promoter|2013|Edwards|Infamous club promoter, actor and singer, ROBERT PERENO, who describes himself as a bi-polar, loquacious narcissist, is a seductive, charming and brutally honest man. The Promoter follows a year in his life.... Robert gives an overview of his past from a privileged up-bringing in ex-pat Calcutta during the 60s, to his foray into music, acting and club land, where he promoted many top London nightclubs such as The Camden Palace, The Wag, Crazy Larry's and SW1 to name a few. Never lost for words, always with a quote and a handy aphorism, we see Robert ecstatic as he promotes his new Film Club and Singer Old Fashioned Daisy Tallulah Johnson. Then, conversely in the pits of despair, when his addictive proclivities get the better of him, to capsize his projects, his marriage and his life. With help from a colourful ensemble of co-stars from Adam Ant, DJ Rusty Egan, actress & singer Eve Ferret, DJ Gaz Mayall to help illuminate his life, Robert manages to find hope through his friends for a new kind of future... (Sam Edwards, Producer)
Off We Glow|1952|Sparber|A re-working (uncredited) of a 1930 Fleischer cartoon which visits the insect world and shows a dragon-fly who breathes fire, a horse-fly that whinnies and sports a saddle, and a raccoon-coat carried away by moths. A flashing glow worm, getting ready for a night out on the town, leads to the "follow-the-bouncing-ball" request to the audience to join in on a sing-along of "Glow Worm." (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
Sugar Cain|1996|Tribble|Sugar Cain's story revolves around four young men, Cain, Joey, Vince and Zeke doing the dirty work of the local crime lord Donovan. While eluding the clutches of the city's police inspector, the foursome continue to do job after job for Donovan. When he hands them their largest assignment, Cain is the only one who seems to realize what the price could be. When a plan goes wrong and appears to give the inspector evidence which could convict them, the personal conflict among the quartet intensifies. The deception which ensues pits brother against brother in greedy free for all. (dictrix)
Finding Jack Kerouac|2002|Lyon|Mitch is an eighth year college senior. He has changed majors several times to avoid going out into the real world. Dwight is Mitch's roommate, also in his eighth year. Dwight enjoys hanging out and has no real inclination to do anything. Lisa is a fourth year senior and the object of Mitch's affection. When Lisa gives Mitch a copy of On The Road by Jack Kerouac, Mitch's life takes a definite turn. Mitch decides to become a beatnik, hitchhike to New York, talk with Kerouac and write the Next Great American Novel. Dwight and Lisa both decide to join him on his quest but their journey is flawed from the onset. The trio travels by car, train, bus and on foot learning valuable life lessons along the way. (Jeff Lyon)
Why We Cry|2014|Loewenstein|A financial analyst's world is turned upside down when when he loses his job and his father passes away. Against the backdrop of his mother's rapid aging and his girlfriend's unwanted pregnancy, he must again find his footing in both career and personal life by making good on the hand he's been dealt, or leaving it for hope in a new life. (Anonymous)
Don't Trip... He Ain't Through with Me Yet|2006|Small|In Don't Trip ... He Ain't Through with Me Yet, Harvey continues to relate his unique views on church, children, African-American culture and families. The faith-based community has enjoyed Harvey's spin on "church life" since he began participating in MegaFest over three years ago. Harvey retains his "keep it real" attitude while delivering hysterical insights on everyday situations. (CodeBlack Entetrainment)
Black Widow: A Land Bleeds|2014|Rao|An emotionally sensitive story of a riots widow Zoya working as prostitute in Mumbai.Her husband and child have been murdered in the religious riots and she is gang raped.The gang rape,murders,interrogations and false court testimony leave her shattered.One night while working as a prostitute in Mumbai she meets Raghu a fanatical Hindu Cabbie.The two broken individuals desperately like each other as the night unfurls into customers,sex,humiliation for Zoya and a shootout.Zoya starts liking Raghu and his possessiveness.Zoya is a complicated person who makes morally dubious decisions. (Anonymous)
Anthrakitis|1998|Sugarman|Dolly lives alone with only the memory of her husband, who was killed in a coal mine accident. Only the burning of her huge coal pile keeps him alive for her. Her neighbour Winny pops in occasionally to help her out with food and whatnot, but she is a friend or does she only want to get hold of some of that good coal? (bob the moo)
Spirit of Moksha - Kumbh Mela|2010|Sharma|Kumbh Mela is the biggest gathering of human beings on earth at a particular point of time, irrespective of race, religion, caste, gender and age.. The tradition of Kumbh Mela is very ancient. Spirit of Moksha is a journey through the belief, reason and myth. How the theory of Moksha evolved and why it still remains intact, rather it has been gaining more acceptance with time. 80 million people took the holy dip in Ganga during Maha KUMBH 2010 in Haridwar. The documentary is self explanatory from talks of the sages, pilgrims and scholars without any voiceover. The treatment and design of the film is simple to make you realize the beauty of faith, trust and power of belief which can be experienced. (Anonymous)
Black Theatre: The Making of a Movement|1978|King Jr.|This documentary explores the growth and development of black theatre from its earliest roots, also examining its close ties with the civil rights movement. Included are interviews with veterans of the theatrical world such as James Earl Jones and Ed Bullins. (Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net>)
The Brides of Sodom|2013|Creepersin|Set in a post apocalyptic world where vampires named for Greek gods, and witches rule. It is a classic vampire story with some real twists: The plot centers around a male vampire named Eros who falls in love with a human named Samuel. Eros wants to "save" Samuel and make him a vampire, but Eros evil vampire lover, Dionysus has other ideas. Matters are complicated by Eros' sister/lover, Persephone, an ambiguous Bookkeeper and three witches, who know secrets of the universe and The Laws Of Eternity.A deep tale of decadence,erotica and Major stylized horror themes,shot around surreal and post apocalyptic sets on one hand and lavish,dark Gothic atmospheres on the other. (Anonymous)
Prepodavatel muzyki|2011|Zakirov|She was happy. She had a beloved husband, interesting job, and her whole life was filled with music. She loved it more than life. And when she had a student who had been completely deprived of hearing, she knew - she loved music more than life ... and more than someone else's life ... (Anonymous)
We the People|2015|Stander|Alan and his pregnant wife, Amy, plan to spend a quiet weekend at their isolated vacation home in the woods. They are joined by two other couples, Bill and Sheri and then Charles and Liz. Suddenly they're confronted by two gun-toting killers, Bobby and Red. The three couples try to accomodate the killers' demands but tensions climb and violence erupts. (Anonymous)
La bande ? papa|1956|Lefranc|A shy, timorous bank clerk, Fernand J?r?me, prevents -unwillingly of course - a gang led by "Le Grand J" from robbing the "Cr?dit Populaire", where he works. Having become a hero out of the blue, this new status allows him to woo Ren?e, the daughter of chief inspector Merlerin. What Merlerin does not know is that the man he has been trying to arrest for years, "Le Grand J" is in fact Joseph J?r?me, Fernand's father, who has disappeared for years... (Guy Bellinger)
Battlecreek|2015|Eastwood|Battlecreek is the story of a gifted young painter with a rare skin disorder who lives in an economically depressed Southern American town. Due to his affliction, he must live his life at night. When a young woman being chased by her own demons stumbles into town, their blossoming romance compels him to challenge his provocative, overbearing mother and break free of the lies that have bound them together for years. Battlecreek is about reconciling the past and finding your future. (Anonymous)
This Woman Is Dangerous|1952|Feist|A tough lady gangster learns that she will be totally blind within a week. She seeks help from the one eye surgeon who may be able to save her sight. In the process, he also causes her to have a change of heart. (Daniel Bubbeo <dbubbeo@cmp.com>)
Stroke of Sin|2005|Forgione|Luc is NYPD's most decorated K-9 and long time partner/pet of Officer Todd Christianson. With an outstanding career in police duty under his collar, Luc is faced with an obstacle when a sophomoric rookie K-9, named Primo, comes along and "inadvertently" turns Christianson against his life long partner - Luc (Anonymous)
Funeral Director: Making a Living Dealing with the Dead|2013|Boston|What does it take to make a living in the death business? Explore the rituals, personalities, and products that animate this thriving industry in in this amusing and emotional tour of the National Funeral Director Association's annual convention. (Anonymous)
Sharkarasya Gajah: The Kid Who Wanted an Elephant!|2013|Kumar Sharma|Sharkara gajaha enhances the emotional relationship that a mother and child share. The two c's child and curiosity always go hand in hand, and how parents as individuals cater to child's curiosity. Father spends thousands o rupees to fulfill child's wish and yet fails to understand the emotional psychology of the child, but where as mother without spending any penny solves the emotional psychology puzzle of a child. (humaramovie [in])
The Erotic Fire of the Unattainable|2015|Ferreira|Jacqueline is working to finalize her book, which is to be adapted into a play. The film follows her - from New York to Prague - searching for inspiration in the quotidian moments of life. Simultaneously, we see her lost in a labyrinth of love pursuits, from her frustrating marriage with earthy, aloof Peter to her affair with a wild, witty old friend, David. During their affair, David finds Jacqueline's manuscript and surreptitiously reads it as it's being written. From her writings, he learns how much she loved Peter and witnesses her growing feelings for Skene, who shares her passion for creativity and is directing her play. Peter is her true love, David is her sensual stimulation, and Skene is her intellectual soul mate; all three men feed Jacqueline's writings and fill her life with the erotic fire of the unattainable. Based on a book of aphorisms by Gay Walley, The Erotic Fire of the Unattainable is an unflinching, slyly humorous narrative journey through an artist's mind, taking us into a world of lovers and ex-husbands, travel and solitude, money and inner rebellion. Drawing inspiration from such classics as The French Lieutenant's Wife, Bleu, Barton Fink, and modern romances including In the Mood for Love and Blue Valentine, the film will be a moving and profound exploration of the life, loves and art of its protagonist. (Anonymous)
Caboca|2011|da Rocha Skarheim|We're all trying to find our place n the world, but when you're a half-Brazilian, half-Norwegian woman living in Sydney, where do you call home? After embracing Australia as home for the last decade, Maiara answers a calling to return to the country of her childhood, Brazil. Her journey is an attempt to reconnect with the places and people she left behind. It is a search for identity, rekindling family ties and facing the inevitable changes in herself and her Motherland - a rich, central character in herself. (Anonymous)
Melody for Three|1941|Kenton|Dr. Christian takes an interest in a young boy, a violin prodigy, whose mother is a divorced music teacher. His interest isn't just in the boy's music career--he believes it would be best for the boy to have his parents back together, and sets out to do just that. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
Asshole Camp|2011|Bacon|Dr. Ben is a beloved, award-winning talk show host and America's leading relationship guru. But in real life, he is a terrible father, shitty husband and the world's biggest asshole. An intervention is staged for Dr. Ben and he soon finds himself in a remote wilderness location matching wits with the stuffy, British camp counselor, Arnett Rutherford. Dr. Ben challenges Rutherford in the same way that Rutherford is encouraging him to take a good, hard, objective look at himself and his life. After unsuccessfully battling Rutherford for the affections of the other campers (Angry Sports Dad, Pageant Mom, Homophobic Frat Guy, Ms. Passive Aggressive, Sarcastic Fuck and Drama Queen), Dr. Ben attempts to escape camp, but ends up crawling back to the group, finally admitting he needs help. (Jeff Bacon)
The Creatures|2008|Williamson|'The Creatures' takes an innovative and intriguing look at issues of self-realization, obsessive love and the dark heart. Haunting and lyrical, the disturbing memories of a young girl, Lilith, are played out by four identical sisters. After learning the horrors of life, her only intent is to protect what she loves. (Marco Williamson)
Possum Hunter|2000|Smith|Four boys (School Pals) decide to go camping at a hut in the forest before heading off to start college. They tramp into the forest and discover that the hut has been burned down, while looking for something else to sleep in they meet a deranged Possum Hunter in the bush who offers them shelter in his hut. They take up his offer stay in his hut for the night and have a drink with him. Later that night they find a severed hand hidden in a box at the back of the hut and suspect that Hunter might possibly have killed someone and is hiding form the police. The four boys decide to play it cool and raise no alarms but to get out of there in the morning. Morning comes and the boys try to make a hasty retreat but the Hunter gets suspicious of their change of attitude towards him and then discovers that one of them (the boy's) has taken an old bone of his and accuses them of stealing from him, Rob try's to smooth over the situation but gets smacked across the face by the but of his rifle, Hamish rescues Rob from the Hunter but the hunter declares that he is going to give them the length of time of two cigarettes before coming to hunt them down. The boys make a break for it and try and get as far away from the hunter as possible. The hunter finishes his second smoke and the hunt is now on. Now it is a race for the boys to get back to their car with their lives or end up dead in the forest. The boys try and run as fast as they can but one of them trips and sprains his ankle, which leaves the others struggling to keep pace while carrying him. Soon the Hunter catches up to them with his skill and local knowledge of the forest and is trying to shot them down. Despite the boy's jump over step cliff and hide behind a tree truck in the stream below. While seeking cover behind the tree trunk and out of sight of the Hunter, they devise a plan to get back to car. They decide to make a break and run for it. The Hunter can see them from the top of the cliff and takes aim, realizing he is to far up, he jumps down the cliff and try's to chase them. He trips on the way down, dropping his gun and tumbles down to creek. This gives the boys enough time to make a break and get within sight of the car in an empty car park. Hamish decides to brave it walks to the car himself. Once getting to car and thinking the coast is clear, he summons the others to make their break. They do so and then discover once next to the car that the Possum Hunter is hiding behind a tree close by. He points the gun at them and tells them to line up in a single file. The boys do so and as the Hunter prepares to shoot them, the boys make a surprise attack on him and wrestle the hunter to the ground and get his gun from him. Amongst the panic and commotion, and one of the boys shots the Hunter in the chest and then in the heart. The Hunter dies and then there is a new dilemma of deciding what to do with his body- do they bury him in the bush and say nothing or go to the police and risk being tried for murder? After much debate they decide to bury the Hunter the bush. This weighs heavy on the conscious and walk away from the forest scarred forever with a secret they can never tell anybody. (Leighton Cardno)
Journ?e Carri?re|2013|Comeau|Noemie is 13 years old and the career day at her school is approaching really fast. She would want her father to come, but he isolated himself a long time ago, because of a handicap. Even if she is disappointed, all that matters for her is the relationship she has with her father. (Anonymous)
Fascism Inc.|2014|Chatzistefanou|Fascism Inc. presents unknown short stories of the past, the present and the future of fascism and its relation to the economic interests of each era. We will travel from Mussolini's Italy to Greece under the Nazi occupation, the civil war and the dictatorship; and from Hitler's Germany to the modern European and Greek fascism. (Anonymous)
Permission to Kill|1975|Frankel|When the exiled leader of a free party decides to return to his own country and attempt to remove the dictator currently in place there, several western governments are determined to stop him. A group is assembled, consisting of old friends, former lovers and hired assassins in order to dissuade him from returning "before his time". This group is appalled at the lengths to which western intelligence will go to stop the man from returning, and they conspire together to allow him to leave. Their plans, however, are anticipated by western intelligence which will stop at nothing to stop him, no matter who gets in the way. (Kevin Steinhauer <K.Steinhauer@BoM.GOV.AU>)
For Caroline|2002|Olanow|FOR CAROLINE is the story of Alan Blok, an eccentric and lonely eleven year old desperately struggling to fit in at school. Alan lives at home with his oppressive grandmother who, in the wake of the deaths of his parents, resents having to take care of him. Failing to find love at home and unable to befriend the popular kids at school, Alan finds himself drawn to Caroline Alexander, an equally eccentric and endearingly enthusiastic fourth grader. However Caroline is the only person at school with fewer friends than Alan. Laughed at by his classmates and chastised by his oppressive grandmother for spending time with her, Alan ultimately must decide between his desire to be accepted and his need to accept himself. (Poull Brien)
Munro|2009|Keillor|In a misguided attempt to bond with his son, Bill McCrindle drags a reluctant Robbie on a poorly planned camping trip deep into the harsh Scottish Highlands. Cold, wet and lost Robbie looses patience with his poorly prepared Father, but the Old Man is insistent, this time they will climb the Munro. When Robbie accidentally discovers his father has had major heart surgery and kept it secret, he refuses to go on. The ensuing argument threatens to drive a wedge between the two men, but when Bill insists they keep climbing, Robbie storms off, leaving his Father to risk his life struggling for the summit. (Anonymous)
Dopalnenie kam zakona za zashtita na darzhavata|1976|Staikov|In September 1923 a "red" uprising in Bulgaria is crushed and drowned in blood. A year and a half later a bomb planted by left-wing terrorists explodes in the St Nedelya Church in Sofia where the cream of society has gathered. One hundred and fifty people are killed and three hundred sustain serious injuries. The Tsar and some government ministries escape because their arrival in church is delayed. In an atmosphere of unbridled "white" terror a large number of left thinking people get blacklisted by the police. The failure of the attempt on the life of Tsar provides a pretext for further atrocities. The passing of the iniquitous State Defense Act is a prelude to latter-day St Bartholomew's Day Massacre, unprecedented in twentieth-century Europe. The extremely complex political situation caused certain ultra-left forces to resort to individual terrorism. While examining the reasons for this erroneous decision, the filmmakers denounce the social system and policies, which led to terror. The facts forming the basis of the story afford a number of parallels with certain contemporary events in the world. (Georgi Djulgerov <major1@mbox.contact.bg>)
Barbie: Fairytopia|2005|Martishius|Elina is a flower fairy who discovers that her home of Magic Meadow has been overcome by a horrible malady that is killing the flowers and making the fairies unable to fly. With the help of Bibble, a puffball and a giant butterfly named Hue she attempts to find Azura, a Guardian Fairy. She's challenged along the way by the evil Laverna who wants to usurp the Enchantress, the ruler of Fairytopia. (IMDb Editors)
Mr. Id|2003|Stecenko|'Mr. Id' tells the story of a failed and misogynistic writer, who moonlights as a part-time hitman, by the name of Jack Maggot, who has fallen into a self-destructive abyss through a slew of bad relationships, failed novels, and a dreaded past. One night, he meets Lenore, who assures him that if he finds a writer by the name of "Mr. Id", and kills him, Jack will have the life he has always wanted: the sterile purity and comfort of a dream come true. With the help of his street-walking "administrative assistant", Heather, Jack has to revisit three important women in his life, Andrea Walker, Mia Crumb, Margaret Bolamano, to see if they could somehow forgive him as well as steer him towards finding "Mr. Id". During the course of his 'investigation', he realizes that his own self-centered demise that he has created will only make his efforts at self-transformation nearly impossible to attain, no matter how much he wants to 'quit the racket and write full-time'. But he knows he needs to overcome what he can in order to clean himself up and find 'Mr. Id'. (Anonymous)
Threading Motion Project: Quilt Vignettes|2013|Guerra|Merli V. Guerra's Quilt Vignettes film series showcases the work of quilters Sonya Lee Barrington, Judith Content, Janet Elwin, Diane Loomis, and Bethanne Nemesh, with performances by Luminarium Dance Company. Part of Luminarium's 'Threading Motion Project,' this short film series aims to physically interpret the visual breath and motion of the 2-dimensional medium of quilting, through the use of video projection, dance, and film. It was designed to be presented as a work of art itself, playing on loop alongside the original quilts projected onto the dancers in each film. (Anonymous)
Nekudat Mifne|1983|Callev|The story of three Yemenite immigrants to Israel who struggled for years to avoid their cultural identity and become more similar to immigrants from Europe. They finally realized the only way to regain their lost pride was to return to their original traditions and to stick to them firmly. (<rotawe@gti.net>)
Setouchi munraito serenade|1997|Shinoda|Opens with a journalist reporting on the 1997 Kobe earthquake, as he remembers a trip made as a young boy. Then, he and family took a boat trip from Awaji to Beppu in order to bury the ashes of his elder brother, killed in the just-ended WWII. The lad spends much of the trip trying to talk his elder brother out of running away. They encounter an array of characters on the journey. Most prominent among them a black marketeer who, like the elder brother, feels that the "new ways" can only benefit him, and work against the boys' father, who is strict and traditional. (Sharptongue)
Boyniyat pilot|1997|Somov|A film about the fate of a generation Bulgarian pilots who grew up with the dream to flight, surviving the hardships of a war and the tragic changes of communist peaceful times... About the value of human life and the adamant spirit of men. (Georgi Djulgerov <major1@mbox.contact.bg>)
Madame Curie|1943|Lewin|Biopic of the famed scientist and the work she did with her husband Pierre in the discovery of radium. Marie was a student at the Sorbonne studying for her Master's degree in physics when they first met. She received permission to use space in Professor Pierre Curie's laboratory. They soon fall in love and are married, working together on trying to isolate a radioactive substance Marie has identified as radium. Years of painstaking research and experimentation led to success and Marie and Pierre Curie shared the Nobel Prize in Physics. Sadly, Pierre was killed crossing the street in the rain when he was run over by a horse and wagon. Marie continued to work and make major contributions to science. (garykmcd)
Eddie Reynolds y Los ?ngeles de Acero|2014|Moheno|After 30 years, a rock band rejoins when Bono, from U2, shows interest in buying one of their songs. The gathering brings up old fights between Eddie, the lead singer, and Santos, the guitar player. Bono postpones the deal indefinitely while Eddie tries to put the band together one more time. Soon, the old folks start to play gigs again, while Lucia, the drummer's teenage daughter, renews their rocker style up... A comedy about friendship, rock and roll craziness, second chances and dreams that come true, but thirty years later! (Anonymous)
The Meddlers|1912|Dwan|John Huxley, with his young wife, and Bob Blake, private secretary, came to the Western mine to inspect their holdings. Mrs. Huxley cared nothing for her aged husband, and showed it. She became interested in James Whitmore, when she saw James kissing his little sweetheart, Mary Jacobs. She made violent love to him, when she found he did not care for her. She also sought out little Mary Jacobs, told her fortune by cards, and predicted much unhappiness unless she married Bob Blake. Bob was also interested in Mary, and made love to her. Mrs. Huxley had arranged with Bob to bring Mary to a hedge, close by where Mary could see her lovers treachery. James submitted to the hug and kiss with much disgust in his heart. Mrs. Huxley and Bob, standing together on the hillside, were plotting how they might further wreck the little romance. Suddenly a warning shout came from James, who had just lighted a fuse. In another instant there was a terrific crash, a swirl of smoke carrying giant upwards with it, and they found the buried remains of the faithless wife and her private secretary. (Bioscope summary)
Mable|2014|Montgomery|Mable is a short film about a Father in search of his daughter Mable who has been kidnapped by a gang. With many failed attempts he hires a man named Tom Landry to find and rescue his daughter from the gang. Tom grew up near Mable and has always been fond of her. Tom wants to rescue Mable and make her his wife only that's not what Mable has Planned. (Rickey Bird)
Shikmoui yusan|1969|Park|The youngest son from a wealthy family becomes fed up with the abuses his matoher and elder brother heap on him. He leaves the main house and goes to live on the family farm. There he learns that he is actually the son of his father and the housekeeper. (Anonymous)
In the Money|1998|Strayer|Sach is hired as the companion for a poodle on an ocean voyage from New York to London. What he doesn't know is that the people who hired him are actually diamond smugglers, and there is a cache of diamonds hidden in the poodle's coat. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
Faces of Death IV|1990|Theopolis|Follows the same pattern of the other Faces of Death movies. In this one we see many staged and not so staged looking deaths ranging from bungee jumping accidents and magic tricks gone bad. (Jon Eaton <go24@kctera.net>)
Road to Ningbo|2014|Yannitsos|The journey of Chang Hui, an adventurous young boy with an obsession with the Giant Panda. Unsatisfied with village life, Chang Hui longs to visit the zoo in the city of Ningbo. Having been already abandoned by her husband and Chang Hui's father, Mei Sun refuses to let her son go. Angry at his mothers lack of trust, Chang Hui escapes in the dead of night and sets off on his journey alone. Bartering his way with a small bag of rice, Chang Hui hitchhikes to Ningbo. Along his journey, Chang Hui discovers the harsh reality and the wonders of city life. Most importantly, he crosses paths with a man that he met all too long ago. (Anonymous)
Larson's Field|2013|Sallach|While walking home from school, two boys discover the charred remains of a body in a nearby field - a body that is not quite human. With Halloween night quickly approaching, the boys hide the body in an abandoned shed until they can decide the best way to announce their "discovery" to the world. What begins as a dream of fame and celebrity soon becomes a nightmare when the boys return with their friends that night on a dare, only to find the gruesome thing they had locked away was not nearly as dead as they'd imagined. (Anonymous)
Whale|2010|Motlagh|Whale is the story of Cameron, an Iranian American writer who returns home to his mothers house in Orange County, California after a failed relationship and lack of direction with life. Back home, Cameron spends time reacquainting with old friends only to find that life has gotten more confusing for everyone. (Amir Motlagh)
The Singles 2nd Ward|2007|Hale|When Dalen (Kirby Heyborne) meets the spunky and beautiful Christine (Erin Chambers), it's love at first sight - even though her non-member parents can't see it! When Christine's parents arrive in Utah for the nuptials, Dalen and Christine must keep the peace between her warring parents ... and everyone else! (Anonymous)
The Music Lesson|2009|Iwerks|Triumph in Africa, not tragedy. Collaboration, not charity. Abundance of spirit, not poverty of resources. The Music Lesson tells the story of two groups of young people from extraordinarily different backgrounds as they use the power of music to discover each other's worlds. Ten classically trained students from the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestra traveled across the world for a life-changing cultural exchange with a group of students from Laikipia, Kenya, whose tribal elders have passed down the tradition of singing, dancing, and playing music for centuries. (Anonymous)
Un 32 ao?t sur terre|1998|Villeneuve|Young Simone gets hit by a near fatal car crash, and as she questions her mortality, she also decides to have a baby. Her candidate for a father is her best friend Phillipe who happens to be seeing someone. He agrees, as long as they conceive in Salt Lake City, in the desert. The trip teaches many lessons about love, solitude, and self-discovery. (Jessie Skinner <dadroog@hotmail.com>)
Les sept p?ch?s capitaux|2013|Zabus|Seven directors each dramatize one of the seven deadly sins in a short film. In "Anger," a domestic argument over a fly in the Sunday soup escalates into nuclear war. In "Sloth," a movie star would rather pay someone to tie his shoe than bend over to do it himself, and he can't be bothered to accept a starlet's sexual favors. In "Gluttony," a peasant family on its way to the funeral of a relative who died from indigestion stops regularly to eat and drink en route, arriving in time to eat some more. In "Greed," a high-class prostitute refunds the price of a cadet's lottery ticket. In "Pride," an unfaithful wife finds reason to reform. And so on through lust and envy. (<jhailey@hotmail.com>)
Carve Her Name with Pride|1958|Gilbert|Violette Bushell is the daughter of an English father and a French mother, living in London in the early years of World War 2. She meets a handsome young French soldier in the park and takes him back for the family Bastille day celebrations. They fall in love, marry and have a baby girl when Violette Szabo receives the dreaded telegram informing her of his death in North Africa. Shortly afterwards, Violette is approached to join the SOE (Special Operations Executive). Should she stay and look after her baby or "do her duty" ? (Steve Crook <steve@brainstorm.co.uk>)
Garden/ing|2009|Sonoda|CG and the special edition are not used at all, The experimental work which photographed by one-frame shooting technique while pasting directly to window and peeling off the print enlarged up to the same size as window, I try the destruction of the space and the sense. (Anonymous)
Schillerstra?e|2004|Dittrich|Cordula Stratmann lives in an apartment located in the Schillerstra?e (Schiller Street). She meets her friends and other people. Together, they improvise the conversation. From time to time Georg Uecker tells one or some of them over an earphone what they think in this moment or how to behave. The audience gets this also to know. (jdz)
Spook Louder|1943|Lord|The stooges are salesman selling a weight reducing machine. They have no luck until they show up at the house of an eccentric inventor where they are hired as caretakers. When the scientist goes to Washington to demonstrate his death-ray machine to the government, the boys are left to guard his house and must contend with enemy spies and a mysterious pie thrower. (Mitch Shapiro <mshapiro@a.crl.com>)
Las vacas con gafas|2014|Santiago Perez|'Cows wearing glasses' is a film about the emotional awakening of a man who is nearing the end of his days. Marso, a solitary and eccentric painter and art professor, has a disease that will make him lose his sight at any time and that has forced him to rethink the relationship with his daughter, while taking stock of a life full of professional success but unsatisfactory on the personal level. With touches of humor to tell small daily humiliations, 'Cows wearing glasses' is a reflection on the position of a man facing the inevitable. An intimate story, reduced to a minimum, which shows the internal reality of a character to the brink of his circumstances. (Anonymous)
Arivu|2013|S|A doting son who is taking care of his ailing mother runs out of steam. But, through an emotional journey of self inquiry from agony,suffering and pessimism , he discovers love , compassion and optimism , enabling him to find his bearing back again. (Anonymous)
Un cantante con sangre mexicana|2014|Ramos|A team of journalist travel to the heart of the Mexican mountains to find the roots and heritage of the Diaz Rodriguez family, relatives of the singer Rodriguez, the main character in the Oscar winning documentary 'Searching for Sugarman'. In this search, the team finds a 100 yearlong history that help understand the music and the impact of these Detroit born singer. (Anonymous)
The Ukes Down Under|2012|Stern|The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain played their first gig in 1985, and the world has been catching up with them ever since. Riding the global ukulele boom they did so much to inspire, in February 2012 the band embarked on their first World Tour, starting in Australia. Litmus Films filmed The Ukes throughout their two-week trip, capturing backstage mishaps, road trip adventures, jam sessions with local fans, guerrilla gigs at unlikely venues and standing ovations across the country including Sydney Opera House. This intimate, uplifting and entertaining film shows the band as they've never been seen before. (Robert Stern)
Breakin' Hearts|2006|Reistrup|Ed Kaye is a Professional Organizer who is in love with his co-worker Maryanne. Dick is the office bully who terrorizes Ed on a daily basis. Dick is also a break dancer. Dick shows off his break dancing moves to Maryanne and the rest of the co-workers which leaves them impressed. Seeing this, Ed, builds the courage to challenge Dick to a one-on-one break dancing competition in hopes of winning Maryanne's affections. The only problem is that Ed has never danced in his life. With the help of a break dancing video ordered from a TV commercial, Ed is transformed into the ultimate break dancer, but is it enough to win the affections of Maryanne and defeat his rival Dick? (Anonymous)
Life, Liberty & Resilience|2013|Tubbs|An African-American WWII veteran and grandson of a slave re-traces his segregated roots and his U.S. Navy service on Iwo Jima. From poverty to war, pharmacy to interracial marriage, 'Life, Liberty & Resilience' takes a look at how Joe LaNier, in his own words, is able to overcome life's hurdles and lead an amazing, loving and forgiving life. (Anonymous)
Naked in America|2011|Konski|Naked In America: The powerful real-life, compelling and controversial story documents the experiences of four average American couples as they shed their clothes and inhibition for a week at a luxury nudist resort. The catch? It's their first time at a nudist resort! By capturing the reactions of this diverse group to the taboo-defying environment, we investigate in depth the American attitudes towards the naked human form and to each other, as they must learn to confront and overcome their fears and anxiety. The unprecedented "tell it like it is" Documentary gives a new voice and spirit to the maligned nudist community. (Josi Konski)
Le cap de l'esp?rance|1951|Bernard|Lyria, a faded beauty who runs a seedy waterfront bar, is madly in love with Bob, a crooked attorney. Bob can't bring himself to confess his love for Minnie, the pretty daughter of Simon, a safe cracker. In order to run away with her, Bob, one of the masterminds of a big-time robbery, betrays his friends. But Lyria, who has found out what is happening, makes Minnie fall into a deadly trap... (Guy Bellinger)
Robots of Brixton|2011|Tavares|Brixton has degenerated into a disregarded area inhabited by London's new robot workforce - robots built and designed to carry out all of the tasks which humans are no longer inclined to do. The mechanical population of Brixton has rocketed, resulting in unplanned, cheap and quick additions to the skyline. The film follows the trials and tribulations of young robots surviving at the sharp end of inner city life, living the predictable existence of a populous hemmed in by poverty, disillusionment and mass unemployment. When the Police invade the one space which the robots can call their own, the fierce and strained relationship between the two sides explodes into an outbreak of violence echoing that of 1981. (Anonymous)
Luka Dokov: The Long Way to the Success|2007|Zlateva|The story of a Bulgarian man who traveled around the world and who, for eighty two years, has done everything his way, as Frank Sinatra sings in his song. Luka Dokov: born in 1925 in the Bulgarian town of Pirdop, studied in the American College in Sofia, and spent the next 60 years journeying more than 120 countries, immersing himself in various cultures, and working for the establishment of national economies, always holding proudly his Bulgarian passport. His name is well known in the Arab world. (Lidia Zlateva)
As? es mi vida|2013|Saldana|Common people with something extraordinary to be told. A parenthesis in this characters everyday. Unknown people that invite us to discover a different perspective. Some of the most inhospitable sceneries and some of the most ordinary ones give context to 13 exceptional stories. A glance that discovers the less known realities, inspirational stories. (Alejandro Aimetta, Corona San Pedro, Carlos A.)
Il folle sogno di un mondo impossibile|2013|Ferrari|In the film, the guests of a community for people affected by HIV or AIDS, recite a story thought up by them, inspired by the novel 'Don Quixote.' Just like the character written by Cervantes fought against windmills, the actors tell the story of their imaginary companion who is fighting against exclusion and ignorance about HIV and diversity, who is always ready to defend his dreams and ideals for pursuing a better world. (Anonymous)
The Collage Dance Collective|2011|Huber|Collage Dance Collective is a professional, contemporary ballet company committed to the presentation of world-class dance that is relatable and relevant to diverse audiences. Collage aims to extend the reach of professional ballet and works to increase diversity in classical ballet training. (Anonymous)
The Perfect Stroke|2014|Torres|The Perfect Stroke is an inspiring story about a tennis player, William, and a country girl, Joli, who are deeply in love but struggle to stay together. The story shows how they come from two different worlds, but yet they both desire the same thing, happiness and love. It is tragic and surreal; but also very positive and uplifting. (Anonymous)
Sunshinola|2003|Allan|Shame, embarrassment, and defeat...words typically associated with a black eye. But, high on the enthusiasm and promise of their first national convention, the members of B.E.A.F (Black Eyes of America Faction) wear their shiners loud and proud as a symbol of unity in the face of adversity. And that's just the type of "preverted" thinking that has famed Florida citrus baron, Delancey P. Roostacraw, dearly appalled and severely determined to put an end to their jackassery. (Anonymous)
Bill Maher: The Decider|2007|Moffitt|Comedian, writer and politically incorrect HBO talk-show host Bill Maher takes time off from his regular hosting duties to perform a hilariously scathing stand-up set in this comedy special. Taped in Boston at the Berklee Performance Center, this special features Maher's acerbic takes on a wide range of social and political issues, including the follies and foibles perpetrated on America by President George W. Bush. (Anonymous)
Owen Has a Couch|2013|Johnston|Filmed in 12 days in the tradition of the Puffy Chair and Humpday, Owen Has a Couch follows Owen, a germaphobe with Crohn's disease who works as an admissions counselor at his own alma mater. On a drunken whim, he signs up as a host for MyCouch, a couch surfing website that goes against his every neuroses. Owen's narrow world view is challenged when Kristen, a messy, emotional, free spirit arrives to stay with him. (Anonymous)
The Giant Spider Invasion|1975|Rebane|A black hole hits North Wisconsin and opens a door to other dimensions. Giant 15 meter spiders emerge from it, who have an appetite for human flesh! Dr. Jenny Langer and Dr. Vance from the NASA try to save the world. (Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de>)
Billy the Kid Trapped|1942|Newfield|After Billy, Fuzzy and Jeff are rescued from a hanging by mysterious strangers, the countryside if terrorized by three men, posing as Billy, Fuzzy and Jeff. Sheriff Masters puts Billy and his pals on the trail of the impostors. The trail leads to Mesa City, an outlaw town run by Jim Stanton, under whose orders, three killers, Montana, Pete and Curly, have been robbing and murdering, disguised as Billy and his two sidekicks. Billy brings in the impostors but they are released by crooked-judge Clarke. Stanton makes henchman Red Barton the new sheriff, with orders to get Billy. Again assuming their disguises, Montana, Pete and Curly rob the stagecoach. And Billy, Fuzzy and Jeff have to begin again in the process of clearing their own names. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
The Trespasser|2014|Gregg|"Stevie' Carson (Janet Martin (I)'), daughter of a famous newspaperman, has ambitions to follow in her father's footsteps and visits the City Room of "The Gazette" in search of a job. There, Danny Butler ('Warren Douglas (I)' (qv)), in charge of the newspaper morgue, plays a mean trick on her but, through a fluke, she is befriended by Bill Monroe ('Dougls Fowley' )qv)), the paper's feature editor, who introduces her to the paper's publisher, Channing Bliss ('Francis PIerlot'), and she is hired and assigned to Danny's department. She learns that Bliss is a collector of rare books which he buys through the paper's literary editor, Bruce Coleman ('William Bakewell' (qv)), and she accidentally learns that Bliss' latest acquisition is a phony first-edition. She tells Bill who confronts Coleman. The latter admits the forgery but stalls Bill, promising to make amends. Coleman visits the bookshop of E.Charles ('Gregory Gaye' (qv)), forger of the book, and tells him the jig is up. Charles plots to kill Bill to prevent any further inquiries. Coleman then goes to his sister, Linda ('Dale Evans (I)' (qv)), who is engaged to Bill and tells her a lie that Bill is mixed up with a forgery gang and that Bill is taking him to the gang's hideout. The car he and Bill are riding in is forced off the road and Coleman is killed and Bill injured. Linda thinks Bill had her brother hilled. Bill, in an effort to clear his name enlists the aid of "Stevie." Linda still suspects Bill but since her brother mentioned Charles' bookshop, she and "Stevie" go there to investigate. The forger promptly makes prisoners of the two girls. Bill learns from Danny that the two girls are canvassing the city's bookstore but does not know which one, and his search for the two damsels-in-distress is hindered by Detective-Lieutenant Kirk ('Grant Withers' (qv)) who is suspicious of Bill. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
Host|2013|Porter|A 'Fixer's job is simple; get a call, meet the 'problem', 'fix it'. Surviving a deadly game show... ain't in the contract! 'Fixer' Nick Hawkshaw's client's 'problem' will push him to his last wit as he competes for his life on an insane Reality TV Show emceed by the maniacal 'HOST'. (Rhachael D. A.)
Heavy Load|2010|Weimar|Waiting for her load to finish a girl is idling her time away in a laundromat. The place is deserted except for a guy who becomes the object of her desire. Following the cycle of a washing program she embarks on a journey during which her wildest fantasies won't stay unfulfilled. To the tune of the washing machine filling up with water she slowly turns into the seductress she's dreaming to be, the stranger is unable to resist her and as the machine spins faster and faster she loses herself in ecstasy to reach for the climax - But when the cycle of the washing machine comes to an abrupt end, the situation might yet be an altogether different one. (Stephanie Weimar)
We Make Machines|2011|Padden|Godfrey is shy. He hides behind his computer, behind his fake girlfriend, and mostly behind his life-sized robotic visual representation of himself, but then, so does everyone else. He lives in a world where mechanical BTRs (Better Than Reals) mediate every social interaction, so that people no longer have to interact with one another. In order to survive a double date filled with a series of malfunctions, both personal and mechanical, Godfrey must stop hiding, put down his controller, and reach out. (Anonymous)
The Last Notch|1911|Dwan|Old Jim Briggs was getting old, although in his work as sheriff he showed no signs of his advancing years. However, the day came when a younger man was given his place. Jim, deprived of his livelihood, was compelled to go to his married granddaughter for support. Her husband never liked the sturdy honesty of old Jim, because, perhaps, the husband did some shady things himself that would hardly stand the light of old Jim's honest blue eyes. Shortly after Jim's retirement, a man was stopped at the point of a gun and robbed, and the man who did the work was none other than Jim's worthless grand-son-in-law. The new sheriff, while able and willing in most cases, failed to capture the thief. So Jim decided to go back once more.. (Moving Picture World synopsis)
Black Moon|2011|Siegel|There is a war in the world between the men and the women. A young girl tries to escape this reality and comes to a hidden place where a strange unicorn lives with a family: Sister, Brother, many children and an old woman that never leaves her bed but stays in contact with the world through her radio. Since the content of this picture is not as important as the pictures and allegories, the simple plot can not be described further. (Benjamin Stello)
Tokyo Girls|2000|Buitenhuis|Tokyo Girls is a candid journey into the world of four young Canadian women who work as well-paid hostesses in exclusive Japanese nightclubs. Lured by adventure and easy money, these modern-day geisha find themselves caught up in the mizu shobai - the complex "floating water world" of Tokyo clubs and bars. Drawn by fast money, some women become consumed by the lavish lifestyle and forget why they came. One hostess calls it "losing the plot." With a pulsating visual style, Tokyo Girls captures the raw energy of urban Japan and its fascination with the new. Shot in Canada, Osaka and Tokyo, this is a riveting inside look at the impact of the "economy geisha." Desired mainly for her looks, the hostess is rapidly replacing the cultural institution of geisha - women trained in the ancient art of traditional entertainment. (Anonymous)
Be Patient, Patient|1944|Wickersham|The Fox is overweight and his doctor has put him on a light diet, which lasts only until the Fox arrives home hungry and prepares himself a large meal. The Crow, hungry as usual, decides to throw a fright into the Fox and get the meal for himself. The Crow does such a good job that the Fox imagines that he himself is dead. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
The Silver Bullet|1935|Ray|Tom Henderson is made Sheriff of Chico to fight Slim Walker's gang. Unknown to Tom, banker Luke Hargrave is the gang's real boss. Dad Kane is looking for the man that blinded him whom he can remember by his voice. He finds him when the gang robs the bank and Tom chases them down. (Maurice VanAuken <mvanauken@a1access.net>)
Let Each One Go Where He May|2009|Russell|The film traces the extensive journey of two unidentified brothers who venture from the outskirts of Paramaribo, Suriname, on land and through rapids, past a Maroon village on the Upper Suriname River, in a rehearsal of the voyage undertaken by their ancestors, who escaped from slavery at the hands of the Dutch 300 years prior. A path still traveled to this day, its changing topography bespeaks a diverse history of forced migration. (Anonymous)
Pinball|2011|Veridiano|A teenager dabbles in witchcraft, which doesn't work out, he escapes to the cemetery and meets Death in an dark and little frequented arcade. Amidst metaphysical dialogs and pinball records, he tries to cheat Death and get another chance in the game. (Anonymous)
The Clandestine Marriage|1999|Miles|A period film, set around an English country house whose owners want to arrange a marriage of convenience between their elder daughter and an aristocratic heir of a hard-up noble family. The planned marriage suffers a last-minute upset when the would-be husband switches affections to the bride's sister. (Anonymous)
Misa flamenca en Montilla|1977|Minaya|Documental sobre una misa flamenca celebrada en la localidad de Montilla (C?rdoba, Espa?a) (Miguel ?ngel D?az Gonz?lez)
The Sailing Dreams|2011|Schubert|This documentary film about the children's sailing in Novosibirsk. The film is set in the yachting clubs at the Novosibirsk man-made Sea, during training and competition during the summer season. Heroes of the film - several generations of sailors and trainers, their children and grandchildren continue the tradition of this courageous and romantic at the same time, sport. These people are utterly devoted to his cause, working on almost the same enthusiasm, overcoming life and financial problems, they pass on their knowledge, experience and childhood dream of the young generation, and thanks to him we have sailing there. While there is sea, there is a dream... (Anonymous)
Brooklyn: Among the Ruins|2005|Wasserman|Brooklyn: Among the Ruins (13:58 minutes) introduces audiences to Brooklyn born and bred Paul Kronenberg. Paul is a 60 year-old subway buff who built a life-size replica of a 1930s motorman's subway cab in his tiny bedroom in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn. (Anonymous)
Aian g?ru|2012|Nagamine|The sexiest star of Japanese cinema and one of the most popular genre actresses in Asia, Kirara Asuka, leads as the beautiful savior in shining armor in this action packed Adventure Dynamo! Supporting cast include Rina Akiyama, Rakuto Tochihara and Mitsuki Koga among many other hot young talents. The action scenes are choreographed by Takanori Shibahara, an internationally renowned Action Director of "Wild Stunts" fame. (CREi)
Yeojaga hwajangeul jiuldae|1970|Byeon|So-hie and Hye-ri have a fierce competition over the man of their dreams and eventually Ji-hun asks So-hie to marry him. Hye-ri is forced to enter into a marriage arranged by her family. She takes revenge by destroying Ji-hun's business and reputation, but So-hie is not going to take this lying down (Anonymous)
La cl? de vo?te|1925|Lion|Rose is a young factory worker, seduced and abandoned by her lover. She feels compelled to abandon her baby, who will grow up in a rich family, with problems of its own. Rose lives through plenty of adventures, always repenting for leaving her child, until one day... (Artemis-9)
Chasing Stars|2014|Mason|Chasing Stars is a mixed media stop-motion animation short, made by students at Northwestern University, that re-imagines the story of Laika, the Soviet dog who was the first animal to orbit the earth. Driven by her sense of cosmic wonder, Laika must navigate outer space to find her place in the universe. (Anonymous)
Monster Maker|1989|Foster|A young boy wants to work with a famous creature/fx man but gets more than he bargained when one of the creatures, The Ultra-Gorgon, takes him under his wing. Literally. (Kathy Li)
A School Story|2009|Simonetti|Two teenage girls sit in detention at their high school, awaiting their father's exit from the principal's office. The sisters (Julie and Kara) who have a strained relationship take the time to reflect on the events that got them there and what part their father plays in their lives. The past plays a big part, as one of the daughters carries much resentment and anger about the path that her life is going, so much so that she blames her father. As the girls await their father, they anticipate the anger that the father will unleash on them. What they expect is not exactly what they get as the father takes the opposite path of what they expect from him, with emotional results. As the father makes his grand entrance, visible annoyed at his daughters, he makes an immediate adjustment which surprises them as his love for his daughters outweighs the current trouble they're in. (Anonymous)
Miruna|2012|Sulkowski|After an argument with her lover, a young woman recklessly gets into the parked car of a mysterious stranger. Their brief encounter will lead to mutual attraction, insight and fatal accomplishment, during a journey to the end of the night. Through a maze of colorful flashbacks, intricately related to the main character's painful past, the destiny of the young woman is inevitably connected to that of an imaginary fish. (Anonymous)
Musie|2011|Thompson|Told from two rotating points of view, MUSIE is about the lovable slacker indie-rocker Mags (Bridget Fitzgerald) reconnecting with Susie (Lauren Hunter), an average working Jane who just wants a "normal" roommate. With a supporting cast featuring incredible Upright Citizens Brigade favorites, MUSIE is sure to make you laugh as these two opposites figure out how to live together in the big apple. (http://bridgetfitzgerald.com)
Burn Out|2011|Kuosmanen|Taxi driver Aarne learns he suffers from lung cancer. News starts a desperate race after the last toke. The Finnish man who has lost his money and cigarettes goes wild. The dark flavored comedy Burn Out shows the fight of a lonely man in a suburb of Helsinki. Aarne has it rough while life and beautiful women humiliate him. This leads him to the desperate acts. (Vesa Kuosmanen)
Subterranea|2016|Tobias|A man raised in complete isolation his entire life is released into society for the first time as an adult and must learn how to live. Along the way, he discovers that he's part of a social experiment and sets off to find answers about his dark past. (Anonymous)
The End of Walnut Grove|2013|Haidi|It is forever night and nobody knows why. Humans hide in caves and pits. Dirt and darkness are their companions. All they hear is the wind howling across the frozen wilderness. Joe does not hear the wind, though. He only hears the deafening rattling noise of his generator which provides light and life. He does not need to worry about night monsters. He has ample time to look for the solution to the mystery of eternal darkness. INTEC has something to with it, and he will find out the rest as well. (anonymous)
Acht Blumen|2011|von Gunten|Eight Flowers is a short film about Benjamin Lewis, a 25 year old man who is living on his own in a very human-deserted area. But he is actually quite happy, because all he really needs are his friends on the social platform "Tracebook" who listen to him and send him love from around the world. Today, just having reached his one thousandst friend, he wants to meet his virtual girlfriend in reality. But his destiny will change his entire virtual life, so that everything takes a different course than planned on "Tracebook". (Timo von Gunten)
La venganza del sexo|1969|Vieyra|This movie is about a doctor who kidnaps people, couples who are having sex. He takes them to his mansion where they are being kept as prisoners. He injects his subjects with a substance to 'enhance' their sexual abilities. The curious doctor then forces the abducted people to have sex. While they are making love he drains a fluid from them. He needs this to prevent himself from being transformed into a monster. He gets his instructions from a talking brain. (<anko@writeme.com>)
Unrelated Relations|1936|Lord|Monte hits it rich on some oil stock and buys his wife an expensive new home, but her mother and brother also move in and makes thinks miserable for Monte. So he buys/rents a "'Mother" of his own and two roughneck brothers. It isn't long before his in-laws vacate the premises. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
The Hunting of the Jackalope|2015|Connor|Within a week, a naive young woman discovers how big things can still happen in the small town she once called home. As the urge to live her life without hesitation burns so deeply within her soul, she overlooks the details that may end up viciously robbing her of more than just a good time. (Kevin Connor)
Dressing Up|2012|Ho|When a timid office assistant discovers her entire department is going to be unfairly laid off by her unscrupulous boss, she disguises herself as a high-powered consultant with her mom's vintage box of 1960's dresses, wigs and shoes in a desperate attempt to save her department. (Anonymous)
3rd of July|2008|Chace|"3rd of July" tells the story of two young Iraq war veterans, as they struggle to readjust to their lives in New York. Carter Ballard and Ted Shaw, men from different upbringings, different worlds within the same city, cross paths at the Veterans' Administration as they sort through disputes over their medical benefits. From there, we follow both men through strained interactions with family and friends who don't understand how war has changed them. (Adam S. Poswolsky)
The Fog of War|2011|Norris|John Millhouse has just returned home after four years of service in The United States Army. He wants nothing more than to return to a 'normal' life, but the horrors of war and his never ending thirst for blood are slowly getting the best of him.. (Anonymous)
Roma, ore 11|1952|De Santis|Based on an actual incident, this is the story of five girls (told in a slow beginning) who are among the 200 women who answer a want ad for a modest secretarial position one rainy morning in Rome in 1951. They crowd and push their way into the old building and fight their way up the stairs to await an interview, only to be told there is not enough time to interview all. A scuffle breaks out and the stairway collapses sending many of them hurtling down in a mass of bodies amid brick and mortar. Among them are the well-born wife of a poor artist;, a streetwalker making an attempt to change her life; an unhappy servant girl; and the desperate wife of an unemployed factory worker. How the event changes or fails to change their lives is told. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
Should a Wife Forgive?|1915|King|Seductive vamp La Belle ( Lillian Lorraine ) sets out to steal Jack Holmes ( Henry King )away from his loving wife Mary ( Mabel Van Buren ). He foolishly spends every penny on the vamp , leaving his wife almost destitute. La Belle is killed by a jealous suitor and the evidence points to Jack. However, he is given an reprieve by the way of a letter written by La Belle claiming she had intended to commit suicide. Should his wife now forgive him ?. (Pamela Short)
Beyond Babylon|2005|Davis|"Beyond Babylon" blends past and present to examine the true cost of war. The film moves from neighborhood anti-war protests on the very spot where 'D.W. Griffith (I)' (qv) filmed his silent epic, "Intolerance", to the beach memorials of Arlington West honoring U.S. soldiers killed in Iraq. War shatters families, leaving behind a wound that never heals. (Anonymous)
The 25th Annual St Wallace-on-Sea Morris Dancing Festival|2014|Ryan|Oonagh and Davy are a young pair of small-town dreamers, who vaguely aspire to buy a chip van and travel the world. When the Morris Dancing Festival comes to town, their peaceful lives are thrown into the air as the dashing festival manager Anthony offers Oonagh an office job. She finds herself tempted and Davy must convince Oonagh that their dream is worth fighting for, before he loses her forever. (Hildegard Ryan)
Unsighted Hopes|2010|Bhowmick|'Inclusive Education' under Sarva Siksha Abhiyan has remained unsuccessful for majority of visually challenged children in remote villages of India. The fact remains that, thousands of sightless children in rural India, are pushed into the so called - 'Inclusive Education', without proper educational materials, shortage of trained teachers, and no direct support from the government. The scenario was typically similar in Chamarajanagar district, which is situated in the Karnataka, India. This documentary film explores such reasons behind the negligence of proper educational environment, for thousands of sightless children in the whole district, comprising of several Taluks, including Kollegal. In addition to that, the film explores the reasons behind the absence of, even a single government sponsored special school, for visually challenged children in the entire district. (Anonymous)
My Beirut|2010|Haskell|My Beirut follows the life of Ben Adams, a man suffering with a rare genetic condition which has left him unable to walk, talk, eat or move in any way. Adapted from his stage-play, My Beirut follows Ben's life from birth to childhood, his adolescence and his entire journey. My Beirut was an project made solely by students, created to raise money for Great Ormond Street Hospital: where Ben was diagnosed. Follow Ben and his inspiring story through his bravery and courage in the film: My Beirut. (Anonymous)
Paraiso: Tatlong kwento ng pag-asa|2007|Ruiz|The Gawad Kalinga (GK) movement is sweeping across the Philippines and overseas and the Philippine film industry will not be left behind in being a part of it. Three inspiring stories of ordinary people touched by Gawad Kalinga are highlighted in the movie "Paraiso: Tatllong Kwento in Pag-Asa." (Paradise: Three Stories of Hope). The title of the movie Paraiso meaning Paradise is simply what GK has been to the masses as the grassroots movement is radically rebuilding the country one family at a time. The GK Trilogy: Umiyak Man Ang Langit (Even If Heaven Cries) is based on Jocelyn's life experiences who lost loved ones in the mudslides of St. Bernard, S. Leyte. The story captures the pain, the internal struggles and the healing that takes place in all of us once faced with life-changing events. Ang Kapatid Kong Si Elvis (My Brother Elvis) is a story, on a lighter note, centered on a boy who ate pebbles to satisfy his hunger and a GK volunteer's family who adopted him as their own. The story captures the challenges and rewards of being involved with GK. Marie is a story based on how a tragic loss can be turned into a living legacy and a new beginning. Marie Rose Abad perished in the twin tower tragedy of 9/11. Rudy Abad honors his wife with a living legacy. (newton20032004)
Cigarettes for Breakfast|2008|Williams|Sirus, an aspiring writer envisioning himself as the main character of his fictional story who is also named Sirus, juggles relationships with three different women while attempting to work on his novel. The lines between reality, fantasy, dreams and memory break down as he struggles to confront his personal demons. (Daniel E. Williams)
Road Kill: A Day in the Life of Henry David Road|2009|Bella|Jose wanders through the hot sun, hoping someone will give him a ride. A gas can thumps against his leg as he trudges along, mile after mile. Like a Siren, the gas can calls out to The Biker. When The Biker slows down and stops, Jose thinks his prayers have finally been answered. Little does he know... The Devil hears our prayers as well. (HDR)
I Wanna Be a Sailor|1937|Avery|Momma parrot is teaching her young-uns to say "Polly want a cracker" but little Peter doesn't want a cracker, he wants to be a sailor like dad. Mom tells him what a no-account his dad really was, setting sail for Hawaii ("no, Maw, it was Catalina") right after the kids were born. Peter is unswayed, and takes off. He turns a barrel into a boat, and crews it with an annoyingly talkative duckling, then sets sail on a lake. They get caught in a thunderstorm (the duck loves it). Peter calls for help and momma comes running, but the duck has already saved him. But he still wants to be a sailor. (Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>)
The Cookie Thief|2008|Sehringer|Arguments. Accusations. A relationship on the rocks. When Lynn Margolis decides the best way to deal with her problems is to not deal with them, she heads to the airport to try to escape. If only it were that easy. As she moves through the busy airport her inner thoughts and emotions come to life, forcing her to confront the conflicts she'd rather avoid. When her flight is delayed she buys a bag of cookies and sits down at the gate to enjoy a moment alone. But the man sitting next to her has another plan, which turns a simple plane trip into a grueling struggle between two strangers that will turn the tables on them both. (Anonymous)
Soup to Nuts|1930|Watson|Mr. Schmidt's costume store is bankrupt because he spends his time on Rube Goldberg-style inventions; the creditors send a young manager who falls for Schmidt's niece Louise, but she'll have none of him. Schmidt's friends Ted, Queenie, and some goofy firemen try to help out; things come to a slapstick head when Louise needs rescuing from a fire. (Rod Crawford <puffinus@u.washington.edu>)
The Atomic Attack of the Son of the Seaweed Creature|2013|Fessenden|"The Atomic Attack of the Son of the Seaweed Creature" is a "1950s" monster movie. Complete with teen rebels, an eccentric scientist and his accompanying Igor, a small-town sheriff, and a radioactive monster (not to mention jump cuts, boom mics, and badly dubbed dialog!), the film is a love letter to fans of classic Z-grade films, and people who love the TV show "Mystery Science Theater 3000". (Bret Alan Fessenden)
Photographs|2014|W.|Danni Richards has just gotten herself out of an abusive relationship. Her ex fianc? does everything he can to change his ways as Danni starts to figure out just how bad her ex really was, and starts to find clues of a disappearance which tracks ran dry months before. (Sammi Shearing)
Schwalbennest|2011|Kadatz|Lisa has a passion for mopeds. So does Heinrich, and the two become friends. Soon their relationship blossoms into something deeper. But in "Schwalbennest", homosexuality is the norm. When her fathers find out about Heinrich, Lisa must choose. Should she respect her family's wishes? Or will she be true to herself and the one she loves? (Hugo Mott)
Lt. Watada|2010|Mock|"Lt. Watada" tells the story of the first commissioned military officer to refuse to deploy to Iraq and to speak publicly about his belief that the war is illegal and a violation of his oath. It is a David and Goliath story as Lt. Watada demonstrates his willingness to face court-martial and eight years in prison rather than be a party to war crimes. And it is an intensely personal story as the film dramatizes what it means for a lone soldier to publicly challenge Presidential war policy in order to honor his oath to the Constitution, to fulfill his duty as an officer, and to the rule of law. Lt. Watada described the war as illegal and immoral and founded on deception. Neither a pacifist nor a conscientious objector, Lt. Watada offered twice to go to Afghanistan - a war he considered legitimate - but his commanders said that granting such a request would mean there was something wrong with the war in Iraq. "Lt. Watada" raises fascinating questions about acts of conscience and the duties of a soldier and officer in the military today. It also dramatizes a remarkable personal transformation, revealing how a natural leader, an athlete and scholar who decided to risk his reputation, freedom and even his life for his beliefs. And it is those beliefs - in honor, duty, the rule of law and the Constitution - that Lt. Watada's story vividly reminds us of the fundamental values that have made our country a beacon to the world. (Anonymous)
Divina confusi?n|2008|Garcini|The Greek Olimpian Gods engage in the human life experience to its full intensity, for which they choose Mexico City's trendy night club: "Olimpus Dancing Club". Once living in the mortal's world, the naughty Eros (with help of a gang of ill-behaved gods), is responsible for unleashing a forbidden passion that disrupts the lives of the members of two families of not-so-simple mortals. (Anonymous)
The Writer.|2011|Schiller|Warren is a famous writer on a tight deadline. His habitual nightmares seem to be getting more and more lucid, etching slowly into reality. As tension mounts, questions arise making Warren wonder if he's living a reality or somebody else's creation. (Anonymous)
The Light That Failed|1961|Wellman|Presented by The Breck Shampoo Company, this Rudyard Kipling classic takes place in 1880, the changes that take place, some good, some bad in the life of Dick Heldar. A struggling artist doing battle sketches, then becoming successful and finding out that he is losing his sight, he struggles with his compulsion to be an artist and as a man he struggles to find his one true love. (R.Fox)
We See No Enemy|2013|Crow|We See No Enemy presents five stories told against the backdrop of Israeli-occupied Palestine, creating an anthology of the West Bank. In the conflict between Israel and Palestine right and wrong exist on both sides, but for too long one voice has dominated and drowned out the other. For that reason, WE SEE NO ENEMY chronicles the conflict from the perspective of those rarely heard. By weaving these narratives together, WE SEE NO ENEMY seeks to turn up these inspiring voices to hear their passion and listen to their suffering. (Anonymous)
Risk: Yelling in the Face of Life|1998|Dennison|The 'Bonnie & Clyde' life style of two B.A.S.E jumpers and the motivations which drive them to take extreme personal RISK. And in our world of speed bumps and smoke-free zones, the need for RISK reflects on the nature of the world we live in. The search for the meaning of RISK is a marker of where society is at today. (Anonymous)
Bye Bye Blackbird|2005|Savary|A period drama set in the early years of the 20th century. Josef, a former construction worker who delighted in dancing on girders high above the city, who now sweeps up at the circus. Once the big top's owner spots the young roustabout defying gravity on the trapeze, however, he endeavors to pair Josef with his aerialist daughter Alice in a perilous sky-high pas de deux. Offers a romantic view of big top life, with a moth-eaten angel in his feathered, tattered costume. (Anonymous)
Capone's Lost Treasure|1994|Hicks|Three old men in one Chicago nursing home are enjoying a carefree life and Michelle, their art teacher and friend, doesn't have a slightest idea about their gangster past in Capone's organization. When Dagmar Speer, sinister European art collector, comes to harass them about a mysterious object, they must remember the gangland deal that had gone bad more than sixty years ago. (Dragan Antulov <dragan.antulov@altbbs.fido.hr>)
Dong seung|2002|Joo|A nine-year old monk, Do-nyum, has lived most of his lonely life in a quiet mountain monastery under his elderly master. Though put under a strict regimen of Buddhist teachings, meditation and chores, the child cannot help but to think of his mother, whom he cannot remember but misses dearly and hopes to be reunited with one day. He also wishes that he could be like the other children who live nearby and play games and attend school. Do-nyum's other companion is an older monk named Jung-sim, who is also struggling with staying on the path of enlightenment. The temple's groundskeeper keeps reassuring Do-Nyum that his mother will come back someday. But Do-nyum, sick of waiting for a mother who may never return, agrees to be adopted by the monastery's benefactor, a wealthy widow who visits the temple every year to mourn her late son. (peter07)
Group Project|2013|Smat|A famous man once said: 'Group Projects only taught me one thing: how much I hate other people.' This film is a manifestation of that fact. In 'mockumentary' style, one class is forced to work together or fail altogether. Featuring a cast of 20 students, a crazy teacher, and a self-obsessed principal, the destiny of the Group Project in one school will be decided. (Anonymous)
Deep Love|2013|Sarky|Janusz, a self-confident 60-year old, an incredibly active person and an accomplished diver, suffers a stroke which leaves him paralyzed. Rehabilitation and assistance of his partner Asia help him regain mobility and improve his functions. He is still struggling with speech and the only person who understands what he says is Asia who interprets him for the world. What keeps Janusz going and motivates to carry on is his big dream - he would like to dive again, despite major hazard for his health and life. His goal is to travel to beautiful but perilous Blue Hole in Dahab, Egypt which poses a challenge even to fit divers. (HBO)
Heaven Is Empty|2004|Scaravelli|Franklin has been institutionalized most of his life, Doctor Murray has been treating Franklin for more than 35 years. Dr. Murray having developed a fatherly relationship with Franklin decides to release him to have the chance to experience some quality of life outside the Asylum walls. The Doctor does not realize the gravity of his decision. Heaven is Empty is a film about an insane man's struggle with reality. We follow Franklin as he tries to grasp his own version of the truth and are given access to his twisted views and skewed perceptions. This film is touches on the consequences of a Doctor decisions when he let's his relationship with his patient dictate a grave decision. This film gives the audience a front row seat to the climatic insanity of a Doctor and patient as their relationship evolves into the chaotic fulcrum of their actions. In order to accomplish the story of Franklin's fall from reality, Heaven is Empty employs alternate visual styles as the audience is pulled through different perception of reality. Together with an astonishing use of color and sound to magnify the weight of the story, the audience will be met on sensory fronts throughout the journey. (Anonymous)
Meet Me After the Show|1951|Sale|Delilah Lee is the sar of husband Jeff Ames' Broadway show when she starts to suspect he has been exchanging more than contracts with the show's vampish backer. Alimony and amnesia become the order of the day. (Jeremy Perkins <jwp@aber.ac.uk>)
Brace for Impact: The Chesley B. Sullenberger Story|2010|Birman|Captain Chesley B. Sullenberger made aviation history on January 15th, 2009 when he successfully landed an Airbus A320 on the Hudson River. 155 people walked off the plane that day. In Brace for Impact, Sully boards a helicopter with our crew and flies the route again to give us his account in chilling detail. We revisit the actual plane, hear from the air traffic controllers who were on watch, meet several passengers from the flight, and board one of the NY Waterway ferries with several of their Captains who share their stories with Sully for the first time. (Daniel H. Birman)
Fong Sai Yuk 2|1993|Yuen|The Cantonese hero Fong Sai Yuk becomes involved in the secret brotherhood "The Red Flower", who are trying to overthrow the Manchurian emperor and re-establishing the Ming dynasty. The social upheaval is combined with Sai Yuk's personal moral conflict about how to conform to the rigid regime of the brotherhood and on top of that sort out his difficult love life, saddled with two presumptive wives. (Michael Soderberg <michael.soderberg@mailbox.swipnet.se>)
The Martini|2013|Lu|It is the last shot of the day for a group of filmmakers competing in the Asian American Film Lab's 72 Hour Shootout filmmaking competition. They have only a few short hours left to complete their project and win - they hope! - fame and glory but they're on private property sans a permit and security has taken note. . .and called for back up. (Anonymous)
Mamaia|2013|Varela|The movie tells the story of Matilda, an old woman that has to fight against a real-estate mogul in order to save her house. Tanase is a ruthless businessman who built his fortune on scamming people and evicting them from their homes. When he wants to kick Matilda out of her house, his luck comes to an end as the seemingly nice old lady manages to defend her property. (MediaPro Pictures)
Arrgh! A Pirate Story|2011|Ask|George Washington the Pirate, and his lifelong best friend Ted Wilson, set off to start a band. With their landlord, and musician/magician best friend Peter Shaffer and all-around-person Wang Smith, they encounter several memorable adventures and misadventures! (Anonymous)
Herbstgold|2010|Tenhaven|The film follows five senior athletes along their biggest challenge - maturity. As all of them are between 80 and 100 years old it is a race against time and personal degeneration. Nevertheless they are united in one common goal - to take part in the track and field World Masters Championships. Life will end soon - so what? (Anonymous)
Four Movements|2014|Moren|Four Movements is a film inspired by the aesthetic visual legacy left by Federic Edwin Church; a testament that lives in his home facing the Hudson valley, it is a reflection of his visual styled, frozen in time and deeply influenced by his travels. Inspired by the letters written by personalities that visited the house as Susan Hale and Mark Twain; four movements is a dance film that attest to the idea of unprecedented beauty, wonder and wish to exist. (Anonymous)
475|2013|Bouhmouch|Amina Filali is a 16-year old Moroccan girl who committed suicide after being forced to marry her alleged rapist. Her tragic death dominated Moroccan and international media in March 2012. Amina had accused a young man in her village of rape, but because authorities failed to properly investigate her accusations, she was married to her rapist following a citation from article 475 of the Moroccan penal code. This article dismisses a rapist of his charges as long as he marries his victim. A year after her marriage, Amina swallowed rat poison, walked into the village market, and died. Through this horrifying affair, the film explores the legal, political, religious and social issues that plague Moroccan women - chipping away at the facade of equality that disguises a deep-seated patriarchal system. Underscoring the pervasiveness of this problem, the team filming 475 also discovers that Filali's rape and marriage was only one of four similar incidents that had happened in her small village's recent memory. They also discover that the account of Filali's experience was not as simple as it had been portrayed. While the film highlights the difficulty in determining guilt, it also adeptly showcases the endemic nature of the problem of sexual violence in Morocco. (Anonymous)
Marcus|2010|Robinson|Marcus is a suicidal man who encounters a stranger claiming to be from his future. Being naturally skeptical, Marcus indulges this eccentric stranger as he recants the story of the pivotal role Marcus will play in the dark days ahead. Events take a sinister turn as another dark figure pursues Marcus and his new companion with deadly intent. The ensuing chase forces Marcus to deal with his grim past and accept the fact that he has a fast approaching, potentially deadly destiny. (LME Films)
Glitz|1988|Stern|Vincent Marra is a Miami cop on medical leave in Puerto Rico, where he's being stalked by a sex offender he testified against. Vincent's girlfriend leaves him for a job as a "hostess" in an Atlantic City casino, then turns up dead. In Puerto Rico, a cabbie is also found dead. It's up to Vincent to travel to Atlantic City to see if there is a connection. (Jeff Olsen)
The Leech and the Earthworm|2003|Silver|Indigenous peoples voice their views on Western science, its vision of a genetically engineered future, and its deep links with corporate profits and globalization. The Leech and the Earthworm is a journey that combines passionate critiques of a future threatened by genetic engineering, and shares living alternatives to a globalized monoculture, with stunning visuals and music from around the world. The Leech and the Earthworm is a provocative film that inspires us to ask serious questions of the collective illusion we call "progress". (Debra Harry)
Tempted by the Fruit of Another|2010|Hanley|After only two years of marriage, Julia already feels her husband drifting away from her, and up until now she didn't know what to do. But one night, when Julia and Chris' friend Kevin comes by to visit, Julia finds herself looking at Kevin in a different way and has trouble getting him out of her mind. These feelings only increase after Kevin starts leaving phone messages, making it clear that his feelings are more then just friendship. Julia needs to make a decision about whether to pursue the calls from Kevin and jeopardize her marriage, or stay with a man she really does love, but feels is slowly drifting away from her ever since they agreed to be husband and wife. (Anonymous)
Nero Fiddles|2014|Moretti|A story like no other, "Truth" explores the deep-rooted psychological traumas that affect so many in our society. With subject matters like addiction, pedophilia, abuse, crime and manipulation we will enter a dark and disturbing world where love is the catalyst for destruction. A very good-looking master manipulator, Caleb is the driver of our story. Hailing from an abusive childhood, he is now in a relationship that ultimately sends him over the edge. When learning that is his affair with Jeremy has other variables such as an 8month pregnant wife, it propels Caleb in a never-ending vindictive streak who's end result is to destroy Jeremy and all that he holds dear. The films core is rooted in relationships and the inner workings of the human condition when exposed to such psychological threats. (Joe Rosario)
Gather Together-Julia Parker|2012|Murray|Julia Parker, a Native American storyteller and master basket weaver, has demonstrated her traditional skills in Yosemite valley for over fifty years. Orphaned and sent to Indian Boarding school at a young age, she has recently discovered her original tribal people and has returned to give them new knowledge that will help build their community. (Anonymous)
Making Waves, Saving Lives|2009|Selbe|Making Waves, Saving Lives sheds new light on community organization and activism. While Dolphin Anti-Rape has very little resources, each member is fully dedicated to their mission, giving their time and even their possessions towards achieving their goals and reaching as many women and girls as possible. This short documentary film breathes new life into the standard of community involvement and inspires others to be creative and more involved in ending sexual violence. (Anonymous)
Oh! Rats!|1909|Porter|Bridget rules the household. The agitation of the "Servant Problem" in the family of Mr. and Mrs. Green is at an acute stage. To leave the domestic tyrant in absolute possession of the house seems its only solution. Bobby, the son, by chance discovers Bridget's insane fear of rats. Bobby tells his father, who uses the knowledge so advantageously that peace reigns once more in the household. Mamma enters the kitchen to see a peddler thrown through the doorway. Her protest against such conduct is immediately overruled by the servant, who forces her from the room. Papa, arriving home, volunteers to "correct matters" and starts for the scene of strife. Entering the kitchen, he finds the grocer in the hands of the tyrant. Interfering, he becomes the center of attack. Deluged with flour, he escapes. At the family "council of war" Bridget's discharge is decided. The discharge, passed to her through the doorway on a broom, is torn to bits, and papa, bombarded with crockery, beats a hasty retreat. Bobby entering with a pet rat shows it to Bridget: she screams and mounts a chair. Bobby's peals of laughter bring his parents, who are surprised to see Bridget madly leap through the doorway. In consultation, papa decides to use "rats" as a means of the servant's discharge. Bringing home a cage of big ones, he places two in a dish on the kitchen table, covers them, and hides to await developments. Things happen quickly. Bridget enters and removes the cover; the rats jump out; screaming, she mounts the chair. It is now papa's chance. He shows her the cage of big rats, threatening to let them out; she begs for mercy. Mamma and Bobby, prepared, enter with the servant's grips. Threatened with rats, she accepts her discharge and leaves, to the relief of all. (Moving Picture World synopsis)
Svi uvjeti za pricu - triler|2012|Nola|Today we are overwhelmed with various pseudo-documentary films that focus on violence for commercial purposes exclusively. These so-called documentaries have no aesthetic, kin-aesthetic or ethical purpose except sensationalism. All Conditions for a Story explores how such scenes work if separated from the completed film, if given without a comment, and what impact they have on a regular viewer. How are they perceived, and what do these scenes now mean? (Anonymous)
Donkey Kong Country|1994|Stamper|One morning, Donkey Kong awakes to find that his entire banana hoard has been stolen. He also finds that his friend Diddy has been stuffed into a barrel. Donkey rescues Diddy and together they go off to find who did this. Who actually did the deed was King K. Rool, king of the Kremling army, the terror of Donkey Kong Country. Donkey and Diddy must brave mines, forests, tree tops, lakes, factories, caves, glaciers, ancient ruins, and a pirate ship, and get help from their friends Rambi the Rhinocerous, Enguarde the Swordfish, Winky the Frog, Expresso the Ostrich, and Squawks the Parrot. Using teamwork, Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong must battle off furious foes like Klump the Kremling army general, Krusha the Arnold Schwarze-Kremling, Klap Trap, though he's small he's got a mean jaw, Krash the mine cart driving Kremling who drives like a maniac on the mine tracks so watch out! Croctopus the evil being in the lakes, Gnawty the beaver, and the evil King K. Rool himself! Along the way, get help from your fellow Kong family members like Cranky who will offer his advice, as well as sarcasm, Funky who can use his barrel plane to send you to levels you've already completed and Candy who can save your game for you. It's up to you to save the day! (Dylan Self <robocoptng986127@aol.com>)
The Tag|2014|Winther|While at a posh restaurant, Wendy and Marshall are on a first date enjoying one anothers company. As the other customers food gets colder by the minute, will anyone in the restaurant have the courage to tell Wenday about the price tag that gangles off her dress. (Anonymous)
Dick Turpin|1974|Stafford|The eighteenth century, swashbuckling adventures of Britain's legendary highwayman. When he returned from military service in Flanders, Dick Turpin discovered he had been cheated out of his inheritance by an unscrupulous landowner. Bitter and penniless, Turpin took to the open road as a highwayman. Possessed of a decided Robin Hood complex, he spent much of his time meddling in other peoples' troubles. His partner on the road was young Nick Smith ("Swiftnick"), and his perpetual enemy was villainous Sir John Glutton. (Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca>)
Akar|2013|Khreich|Eskandar eight years old left Lebanon to Canada with his mother and four brothers and sister, leaving behind a father with excessive jealousy and violence. Twenty seven years later Eskandar comes back to Lebanon trying to reconcile with his father. Once in Lebanon he will be hunted by his memories which balance him between the past and the present and lead him to his father. (Anonymous)
Pizza Man vs. the Dude|2004|Schmeckpeper|Entrepreneur Simon Tyler has purchased a warehouse with intent to turn it into a nightclub. Hiring, "the best and the brightest" in the business, he - along with his personal assistant - are holding an energy party to brainstorm ideas for the club when an obscure gypsy curse is accidentally invoked, summoning the evil elemental force of 'Thed Ude' to wreak havoc on the revelers. In the end, only the unsuspecting Pizza Man can save the day, but only if he can overcome the worst day ever in the life of an over-weight, balding, lonely pizza delivery man. (Will Schmeckpeper)
La faveur des moineaux|2013|Mirzabekiantz|A mansion at the edge of the forest. Eleven-year-old Albert and his thirteen-year-old brother Edgar are in constant confrontation. It is the day of the traditional family hunt. One of the brothers has the privilege of using their deceased grandfather's shotgun. A new duel begins between the two young men. (Anonymous)
2007 80th Annual Scripps National Spelling Bee|2007|Silver|"Good Morning America" anchor Robin Roberts hosts live television coverage of the final championship rounds of "The 2007 Scripps National Spelling Bee," live from Washington, DC. Preliminary championship rounds will air live earlier in the day on ESPN, which has televised the Bee in its entirety since 1994; the ESPN broadcast is scheduled for 10:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m., ET. The Scripps National Spelling Bee, the nation's largest and longest running educational promotion, is administered on a not-for-profit basis by Scripps and 280 local sponsors. The majority of local spelling bee sponsors are daily and weekly newspapers. The purpose of the Scripps National Spelling Bee is to help students improve spelling, increase vocabularies, learn concepts and develop correct English usage that will help them all of their lives. About 286 champion spellers, ranging in age from 9 to 15, will be competing this year for the National Spelling Bee Championship. Spellers participating in the national competition qualify by winning locally sponsored spelling bees in their home communities. The Scripps National Spelling Bee, which is held each year in Washington DC, will begin on Wednesday May 30, featuring top spellers from across the U.S. and including competitors from Europe, Guam, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the Bahamas, American Samoa, Canada and New Zealand. The opening rounds of the Bee on May 30 are not televised, but real-time results are provided via the Internet at the Bee's official website, Spellingbee.com. (ABC)
The Great Adventurers: Shackleton|1999|Gormlie|This is the incredible story of explorer Ernest Shackleton's heroic attempt to lead the first expedition across the last unknown continent of Antarctica in 1914-16. With historical photos and rare film footage, this astonishing story explores the limits of unparalleled human courage. (G. Forman)
Sauce (Verb): To Make Agreeable or Less Harsh|2010|Digby|Here at Reliable Insurance, each day is the same. Each hour drags on until released for the evening, to come back and do it all over again. However, today there is hope. Today, two men, relative strangers, connect on their lunch break finding an unlikely bond. A friendship that could finally change their lives. Or at least their lunch break. (Anonymous)
Heavy Lifting|2013|Zimbrek|A portrait of two slightly off-beat characters becoming friendly in a way that evokes a wide range of emotions with deftness and respect. (James Macdonald)
Written on Your Face|2013|Levitt-Bradley|When a college senior ignores the affections of his closest friend and chases after a distant crush instead, his quirky roommates intervene. Continental philosophers, medieval knights and animal behaviorists come together in this romantic dramedy about the difficult of confronting emotions. (Anonymous)
Blue Skies Again|1983|Michaels|A hard-hitting, fast, sure-handed baseball player tries to break into the sport by applying for a spot on a minor-league team. The only problem is that the player is female, which engenders resistance and resentment among many players and officials. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
Tequila Mockingbird|2014|Vanyo|John Valby, AKA "Dr. Dirty" has entertained crowds since 1974 with his brand of witty, dirty, non-politically correct music. Concerts often feature fan favorites like 'Gang Bang', 'Hey Lade', 'End of the Month' and the immortal 'Barnacle Bill'. "Tequila Mockingbird" mixes live concert footage with interviews backstage and at the recording studio. The newest songs along with some classics are intertwined with stories from the good Doctor covering the history behind the infamous piano to the origins of "Barnacle Bill". If you can't see the Dirt in person, this is your best alternative. (Manor Pictures)
Rinoplasticos V|2011|Calder?n|Rimopasto and Rino have been resting and gathering strength in the village of the Fighting Primates. Rino gets sent away inside a crystal pyramid, in order to do something very important for their race. The Depredators attacks the village and captures Rimopasto. (Pauli Janhunen Calder?n)
Bad Film|1995|Sono|"BAD FILM" is a legendary production that was shot in 1995 over the course of the year, but went unfinished due to funding difficulties. This year, over 150 hours of footage captured on the now obsolete format Hi-8 (8-millimeter high resolution video), was re-edited to create a stunning work of cinema. Its concept: "Near the end of the 20th century on Tokyo's Chuo train line, just before Hong Kong's return to Chinese control, masses of people go on a rampage, and love runs wild." Its premise sees Koenji being taken over by Chinese, and running battles erupting on a tremendous scale between Japanese vigilantes and foreigners on the Chuo Line, Shinjuku, and elsewhere. Most of the cast are members of Tokyo GAGAGA, a performance collective formed by director SONO Sion in 1993. (Jiilo_Kim)
Honeymoon for One|2011|Connor|Eve Parker (Sheridan), a driven and successful advertising executive from Los Angeles, is devastated when she finds out her fianc?, Greg (Baladi), has been cheating on her. Leaving Greg behind, Eve decides to go on their honeymoon alone-to a breathtaking castle in the Irish countryside that Greg's company has just bought and plans to turn into a golf course. But Eve soon discovers staying in the honeymoon suite isn't so sweet when everything starts to go wrong, from her lost luggage to her repeated run-ins with the estate's manager Sean (Wise), a handsome outdoorsman with a knack for getting on her nerves. It's a culture clash between this big city girl and nature-loving Irishman, but soon Sean sweeps Eve off her feet. Then, just as Eve is trading in her high heels for hiking boots, Greg shows up and threatens to turn Sean's beloved land into the eighteenth hole and charm Eve back to the altar. Now, it will take more than just a little luck o' the Irish to save this honeymoon from going haywire! (Anonymous)
Killjoy Goes to Hell|2012|Lechago|Killjoy is back in the fourth installment of the demonic clown series. This time Killjoy is being accused of not being evil, since he let one of his victims(Sandie) get away. Killjoy must rely on his only chance of proving how evil he really is... get Sandie into hell as his witness. (Denis Rigg)
The Night Is Ours|2014|Bernier-Clarke|Tomboy Morgan is tortured by the sudden death of her best friend Olivia. At her wake, Olivia mysteriously comes back to life, and the two escape on a reckless road trip that takes them past the boundaries of friendship and into a dark and uncertain future. (Anonymous)
Barely Legal Lesbian Vampires: The Curse of Ed Wood!|2003|Swartz|Carmilla, the Queen of the Lesbian Vampires, shows the pleasures of girl-on-girl love to sweet young Lilith with depraved vampires of Carmilla's coven. Horror host, Mr. Creeps, brings back the spirit of Ed Wood to solve the problems of these demented Goth scream queens. (tk_sassy)
Beyond the Valley of the Dolls|1970|Meyer|This film is a sequel in name only to Valley of the Dolls (1967). An all-girl rock band goes to Hollywood to make it big. There they find success, but luckily for us, they sink into a cesspool of decadence. This film has a sleeping woman performing on a gun which is in her mouth. It has women posing as men. It has lesbian sex scenes. It is also written by Roger Ebert, who had become friends with Russ Meyer after writing favorable reviews of several of his films. (Mark Logan <marklo@west.sun.com>)
Teddy's Bear|2014|Ramsey|We ALL knew they were there. The monsters under the bed... in the closet, behind the furniture... They make the scary noises we hear at night... and keep children from sleeping... make them irritable, unmanageable... to misbehave... causing many children to be bad... the things we can't see but we know they're there. The things that scare children. WHAT keeps these children safe at home in bed and when they are by themselves? Teddy's Bear is the story that explains the heroes EVERY CHILD has that protects them. (Paul J. Ramsey)
Lucky Blue|2007|Liu|Olle, an introverted, well-mannered boy with an air of innocence and sincerity about him has been camping with his father at the same camping ground with several other people for years now. A sort of tradition that ends in a karaoke party. Then one summer, a family friend brings her reticent 'city boy' nephew, Kevin, and his pet budgerigar. Olle accidentally releases the bird and what follows is a discovery of friendship and love between the guy who has grown up in a loving environment and simply accepts love for what it is and the guy who's apparently been burned too many times in his own circle to feel comfortable with it. (Oblivion)
The Art of the Tease|2008|Meeks|The Art of the Tease follows the story of Sadie Powell a sultry burlesque dancer. On the night she has to deliver the performance of her lifetime she finds herself drawn to a handsome stranger. Faced with the reality of agreeing to be the prize in a financially beneficial deal between a rich patron, the club owner and herself, Sadie is forced to examine her life choices and battle her true desires. (Anonymous)
Go! Eat a Bagel!|2012|Freeman|An older woman, despairing over her alcoholic husband and inability to get pregnant, goes to Israel in search of a blessing. A Mystic tries to get rid of her nicely by telling her to 'Go! Eat a bagel!' but she thinks this her blessing. She returns to her husband, eats a bagel, and wonder of wonders - nine months later she has a child. (Anonymous)
Wonderlust|2012|Griffo|hot in 12 countries and 18 cities Wonderlust captures the true feeling of travel through magnificent vistas and busy urban centers. 25,000 miles of travel, countless reels of footage, and an astonishing collective of an entire continents experimental electronic music soundtrack come together to exhibit a unique vision of cinematography . (Brian Griffo)
Captains of the Clouds|1942|Curtiz|Brian McLean is a ruthless bush-pilot in Canada. He offers some other pilots an opportunity of earning a lot of money, but he marries the girl-friend of one of them. After listening to Churchill's famous "Blood, Sweat and tears" radio address he and some other pilots decide to join the RCAF - and his superior is always the pilot who's girlfriend he has married. Due to this and the fact, that McLean doesn't like to obey he gets troubles. (Stephan Eichenberg <eichenbe@fak-cbg.tu-muenchen.de>)
Crashing Skies|2012|McCann|An ordinary rural landscape is transformed into an enigmatic dreamscape. A farmhouse stands in a copper field of scratched emulsion as solarized flares illuminate the sky. Split toned horses amble dreamlike across the frame into inky underexposed blackness. Copper thistles sway in the wind, looming and strangely monumental. The hand-processed 16mm imagery creates an elliptical inner world of memory and dreams. (Anonymous)
Howze Naghashi|2013|Miri|Maryam (Negar Javaherian) and Reza (Shahab Hosseini) are different from other people, it's not just a simple difference, but a very big difference. They must try to prove to others they have solved the big difference with the miracle of love ... (Persian Star)
A Summer in the Cage|2007|Selkow|"A Summer in the Cage" is filmmaker Ben Selkow's feature-length documentary chronicling his friend Sam's battle with manic-depressive illness, also known as bipolar disorder. The film follows Sam for seven years as he suffers delusional manic episodes, battles paralyzing depressions, and tries to escape the legacy of his bipolar father who committed suicide when Sam was eight years old. By showing the difficult emotional impact of being bipolar on Sam, his family, all those who care about him and the filmmaker, "A Summer in the Cage" hopes to put a human face on an illness that affects millions of American families. But as this dramatic story unfolds and heads to an explosive standoff, it also becomes a unique tale about friendship and the ethical responsibilities of a documentary filmmaker. (Anonymous)
My Friend Charlie|2011|Payne|Strong willed and free spirited 11 year old, Isabel, is too old to have an imaginary friend. Her parents are worried, they try to talk her out of it, but she continues to play with her fictitious friend; a boy named Charlie. Throughout the film Isabel discovers, Charlie is not just an imaginary friend, but a ghost. A ghost of the little boy that died last year in a hit and run accident. It is now up to our young heroine to find out who killed Charlie, so he can leave the earth and be at peace. (Anonymous)
Goldfish Game|2002|Lauwers|An unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion. There is the mother and the father, who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore, there's the daughter, Lena, who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in Switzerland, and her husband Harry, who has a mysterious past. Afang and Xiang are the Asian housekeepers. They have a son, Jai, who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive. By occasion, the family plays a bizarre game: when someone rings a bell, everyone has to undress as quikly as possible, dive in the swimming pool, and grab the wooden fish in the pool. Some guests join the family for a farewell-part for Lena. There's Ushi, Harry's lawyer, who knows something about Harry Lena doesn't know, Eddie, a friend of Harry and his new girlfriend Pol, and at last, there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome. They come to get Afang & Xiang, because they were once involved in a war, and they have to testifie. By the end of the day, everybody is nervous and tensions gets high. How will this end? (Sven De Schutter <sven.de.schutter@kutsite.be>)
BnE|1999|Clarkson|BnE follows Milk, a young "Break n Enter" artist through the back yards and alleyways of the sleeping city. He's all about busting in and getting out with as much as possible except where Donette is concerned. He'd like nothing better than to be with her and be a father to her son, but she's got her own plans. Milk's other main concerns are keeping up with his life of theft and dealing with Natalie, the disarmingly beautiful 14-year old jail bait daughter of his landlord. When an ill-fated break in goes tragically wrong and he is caught in a compromised position with Natalie Milk learns the life he's living comes with a heavy price. (Anonymous)
Miss Monday|1998|Lee|Trapped, frustrated and isolated, for one disturbing, slow night these two main characters find that they have more in common than they think. Forced to rummage for research in London's City district for his new screenplay, here, we find human anguish mixed with quiet disbelief. This, a sobering experience of a subject with mixed emotions of her childhood past and future prospects spilling over the precipice of sanity. Haunted by her own personal bogeyman and hidden demons, as the screenwriter is forced to hide in the bedroom cupboard and slowly watch the unraveling of a woman lost, tormented and pained. (Cinema_Fan)
Watashi wo ski ni tsuretette|1987|Baba|Fumio Yano is an unassuming young businessman in the ski wear line. His own skiing ability is close to professional level, and he assists a former world champion, Tayama, on the sales team. Fumio meets and falls in love with Yu, a young secretary, but initially finds it hard to express his true feelings for her. A St Valentine's Day fashion show provides an unexpected backdrop for crisis resolution, and a mad scramble ensues to beat the clock and make it to a neighboring ski resort in time for the press and photographers. A pack of chocolate is a symbol of true love... (L.H. Wong <lhw@sfs.org.sg>)
In Search of the Wallaby|2012|O'Connor|In 2004 a wallaby was found dead on the Scottish isle of Islay; how it got there and how it died remains a mystery. A crack documentary team went with one single goal: to unearth the truth, only to discover there's more to island life than they first expected. (Anonymous)
The Films of Jason Day-Boisvert|2014|Day-Boisvert|Jason decides to make an information film about all his independent film he has done. During the filming he moves into a new apartment with his friend Al. They start to find random belongings from other people appear in there apartment. Jason loses focus on his information film and realizes that he is actually filming a "real" found footage movie and starts to go mad. (Jason Day-Boisvert)
Monsieur Papa|2011|Monnier|Marius, 12, has not seen his father for years and he misses him badly. Marie, his mother, a workaholic firm manager, knows that she will never reconcile with her ex-husband. She must do something to address her son's frustration but what to do ? She finally has the preposterous idea to hire Robert Pique, an unemployed man, to play the role of Marius's father. His job will consist in putting the boy off his alleged dad. Of course, the scheme sucks and nothing will go according to plan... (Guy Bellinger)
Trait? de bave et d'?ternit?|1951|Isou|In this experimental film, Isidore Isou, the leader of the lettrist movement, lashes out at conventional cinema and offers a revolutionary form of movie-making: through scratching and bleaching the film, through desynchronizing the soundtrack and the visual track, through deconstructing the story, he aims to renew the seventh art the same way he tried to revolutionize the literary world. (Guy Bellinger)
Mannen som elsket Yngve|2008|Kristiansen|It's November 1989, and the Berlin Wall is falling. In Stavanger, Norway, teenage boy Jarle has a great new girlfriend and is starting a rock band with his buddies. But when a new boy, the synth pop-listening Yngve, joins his class, Jarle is more fascinated than he wants to be, and the world as he knows it starts to crumble. (Peter Brandt Nielsen)
Other Men's Women|1931|Wellman|Railroad fireman Bill White is a carefree ladies' man with an irresponsible streak. His buddy Jack Kulper, an engineer, is more solid and reliable. Bill comes to stay a while with Jack and his wife Lily. Bill and Lily fall in love, but not wishing to hurt Jack, Bill leaves without explanation. When Jack confronts Bill about his suspicions, the two fight and Jack is seriously injured. Bill is consumed with guilt and tries to make good, but Jack has his own ideas about that. (Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net>)
A Formal Faucett|1978|Lincoln|Dorothy LeMay lands a job at the agency, working for a very mysterious mogul - Paul Thomas, in this very hilarious and sexy spoof of the "Charlie's Angels" television series. Along with veteran adult classic performer Desiree Cousteau and several fresh, new faces - Dorothy gets down and dirty in her out-call services which in the end, lands her more action than she can handle. Another genuine classic indeed from the era of sexy storytelling. (VCX)
The Cemetery People|2008|Molatore|Over 6,000 people make their home among the tombs of Navotas Cemetery, located in the Philippines on the shores of Manila Bay. Serving as a trustworthy guide, the smiling and talkative Pastor Jon leads us through the unimaginable world of 'The Cemetery People,' where families live, sleep and even play among the graves. (Producer)
Il delitto del magistrato|1907|Velle|In the subject of this sketch, which represents a very thrilling climax of a love story that is not altogether unlike the always-to-be-remembered story of Paola and Francesco in a modern garb, a youth pays court to the daughter of a magistrate and the affair is disapproved of by the father of the girl, who forbids the house to the lover, and as a result the youthful couple meet clandestinely. The magistrate having discovered the young man in companionship with the daughter endeavors to shoot the youth and instead kills his own daughter. When officers are summoned to the deplorable scene the horrified father accuses the young man of the deed and allows him to be imprisoned and tried under the accusation. Despite the appeals of the mother of the young man the magistrate makes no attempt to save the lover of his unfortunate daughter and himself falls into a swoon in his office, and the picture closes with the vision that he sees of his daughter and her lover folded in embrace in Elysium. (Moving Picture World synopsis)
Myths, Mysteries and Mysticism: The Golem|1996|Oostra|The film follows the Jewish-American rabbi and author, Chaim Potok, on his travels through Prague while recounting the old legend of the Golem and its creator, Rabbi Judah Loew, known by Jewish scholars as the Maharal of Prague, an esteemed 16th century rabbi, scholar, and mystic. (Arthur-23)
A Perfect Match|2012|Yu|In 1956 Althea Gibson an African American from Harlem, and Angela Buxton, a Jewish girl from London stood victorious as Doubles Champions on Center Court at Wimbledon. 'A Perfect Match' recounts the emotional struggles and inspirational friendship of two women whose race and religion made them social outcasts, until their game made them champions. (Anonymous)
Wagner|1998|Slabakov|Elena's job is working on the percussion press 'Wagner' of 1933. This is a tragic comedy about the absurdity of one day in life, in which her dream comes true. She gets an apartment on an installment plan. In the inclement day of November, she goes to have a look at her future property. Her happiness brought a soporific languor to her and she soon falls asleep in the empty flat. She wakes up late in the night feeling very hungry. So her trip up and down the floors of the block begins in search of a piece of bread. (Georgi Djulgerov <major@bitex.com>)
The Bathroom Attendant|2013|Hayman|The Bathroom Attendant looks into the life of Chaz Fistalson, a semi-employed, often too personal NYC bathroom attendant . We also meet Chaz's former boss, Carl from his former place of employment, Dicarlo's and learn somethings that make Chaz look a little different. (Tall Boys Films)
Father of Hockey|2014|Morrisey|Captain James Sutherland was a hockey pioneer who believed Kingston, Ontario could be the 'Cooperstown' of hockey. What he unleashed was a battle over the origins of the game and where best to honour hockey's greats. Eventually two "Halls of Fame" were established; one in the hockey metropolis of Toronto; the other in Kingston, Ontario. This is the Battle for Hockey's Hall of Fame! (Anonymous)
The Little Witch|2013|Templeton|Olga San Juan is the singing and dancing star of a night club in a South America country,and is in love with Bob Graham, the orchestra leader and vocalist, whose wealthy parents are unaware of his club and musical activities. The parents, when told of the romance, think the girl is after the son's future inheritance. A Paramount "Musical Parade" short. (Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>)
Kennedy Quay|2013|N? Luanaigh|Join David on an intimate and comic walk through Cork docklands as he regurgitates a collage of everyday conversations, while battling with his own demons. 80% of the dialogue in Kennedy Quay is transcribed directly from real-life Cork exchanges, creating a genuine filmic portrait of the city. (Anonymous)
Luna et Solaris|2012|Levesque|At dusk, while Solaris, the sun entity, goes to sleep, he happens to meet Luna, the moon spirit, who wakes up from the darkness to watch over the Earth by night. At this precise moment where the moon and the sun are seen together in the very same sky, it is love at first sight. It is a story full of childish seduction and spacey romantic tricks. Furthermore, it is also about magic and what makes a funny little story into a legend. (Anonymous)
G.I. Joe: The Ernie Pyle Story|1998|Amoruso|Ernie Pyle was the most beloved war correspondent this nation has ever known. This film tells the story of WW II from the perspective of the G.I. fighting in war. Pyle's best columns - from the bombing in London (1939) to the end of the war in the Pacific (1945) - are utilized in first person. Special guests include: FORMER PRESIDENT GERALD FORD, ANDY ROONEY, CHARLES KURALT AND ANDY WHITMORE. (Anonymous)
The Blue Tooth Virgin|2008|Brown|Two writers must face a dilemma that is common to anyone who has ever had an artistic friend: what happens when you have to give feedback, and the news isn't good? Sam, an aspiring screenwriter, and David, a successful magazine editor, have been pals for years. When David doesn't appreciate Sam's latest attempt, it opens a fissure in their friendship, one that spreads through the rest of their lives. Ultimately, both men must reevaluate their motivations to write, their need for praise and validation, and what it means to see yourself as you actually are. (Anonymous)
The Secret Story|1996|Geiser|A puppeteer tells the fictionalized story of her mother's childhood. With a soundtrack of rain, images are layered one on another to provide a wordless narration. Birth in 1925, a puppy, education at the hands of nuns, learning to sew, the outbreak of world war, sexual awakening, the death of a parent: these are key events in a life. (<jhailey@hotmail.com>)
Tiger Bay|1959|Wills|Gille Jenkins, a 12 year old tomboy and compulsive liar living in a sordid tenement with her single parent mother, witnesses the murder of an immigrant Polish woman living in an nearby apartment by her former boyfriend, Bronislaus Korchinski. The young merchant marine becomes distraught when he discovers that she has become the mistress of a married British sports announcer and shoots her with her own gun. Gillie lies about the circumstances in order to keep the gun which she discovers where Korchinsky hid it. She ultimately bonds with him and misleads the police in their investigation. (duke1029@aol.com)
Garip|2005|?n|"Strange" has been written and directed by Can Dundar and it has three sections, "A Separation", "A Destitution", "A Death", documenting Neset Ertas' musical journey. Shootings of locations where Ertas lived, footage of the musical master Muharrem Ertas and various other rich visual material enrich the value of the documentary. This is a considerably valuable work to document and archive the life of one of the most important bards of the Turkish cultural history and folk music. (Turhan Karadeniz)
Are You Sure I'm Korean?|2015|Hine|The history of Korean adoptions in the USA, the experiences of Korean adoptees, and the challenge of finding birth parents in South Korea is explored through experts knowledgeable about the process and actual adoptees who explore personal issues of being an adoptee from another country, and following them as they face the prospect of meeting parents who look like them, but have a different language and culture. (Scott Eriksson)
Lady in White|2013|LaLoggia|Locked in a school closet during Halloween 1962, young Frank witnesses the ghost of a young girl and the man who murdered her years ago. Shortly afterward he finds himself stalked by the killer and is soon drawn to an old house where a mysterious Lady In White lives. As he discovers the secret of the woman he soon finds that the killer may be someone close to him. (Losman <losman@express-news.net>)
Di tessuti e di altre storie|2010|Paoli|An entire community is obliged to stop and start again a new way of living, after globalization and economic crisis destroyed its only economy based on textile and fabric industries. Three stories, three former workers, now without a job, lead us into a universe made of sorrow and hope. To build up a new life. (Teresa Paoli)
The Unappreciated Joke|1903|Porter|Scene, interior of a street-car. A stout man enters and sits down alongside of a friend and proceeds to read a comic paper. He shows a joke in the paper to his friend, and the both laugh heartily. The friend leaves the car, and his absence is not noted by the stout man. An elderly matron takes the seat. Without looking up the stout man shoves the paper in front of the face of the old lady, thinking his friend is still there. He goes into a fit of laughter over the joke, punching her in the ribs with his thumb, and slapping her on the knee. She becomes very much embarrassed and indignant. She shakes him by the shoulder, he looks around, discovers his mistake, and sinks through the floor. (Edison Catalog)
New Town Utopia|2014|Smith|What happened when we tried to build utopia? New Town Utopia is a transmedia documentary that explores the failed global experiment of 'New Towns' through the struggle of one British community to improve their lives through art and culture. (Anonymous)
All-Star Look at TV's Prime Time Wars|1980|Walton|Bob Hope kicks off his 31st season on NBC with this hilarious spoof of prime time television programs. Included here, is a takeoff on "Dallas", entitled: Who shot BH ? and spoofs of "Charley's Angels", Real People and That's Incredible, among others. (Walter Down)
Fools Never Grow Old|2012|Manetti-lax|Martin Lax is 86 years old and is struggling with aging and his past. As he goes about his daily routines, he recounts his memories with capricious wit and moody nostalgia to his 20-year-old grandson. We hear how the past inserts its haunting presence, with humor and sadness, into his everyday life. From the small town of Caraseu, to the gates of Auschwitz, to the pool at the Jewish Community Center in Cleveland, Fools Never Grow Old is the portrait of a man looking back as his life draws to a close. (Anonymous)
Yeh Dooriyan|2011|Deepshika|This is the story of a strong 35 year old beautiful and a famous choreographer divorced with two kids, living alone and is forced by her peers and family to remarry and find a father for her kids. She promises that she will marry any guy that loves her children as much as her. (DaGambit)
Moskvich, mon amour|2014|Shahbazyan|Hamo, an old farmer lives with his wife in a remote village in the mountains of Armenia. The money their son send them from Russia just allows them to survive. But Hamo nourishes a dream of acquiring a Moskvitch, the most beautiful car in the world, the one that had promised the Soviet power and that he never had. The Soviet Union is gone, but the dream of Hamo remains. He learns that there is one for sale in a nearby village ... (Anonymous)
Red Hair and Black Coffee|2012|Bochet|Hermanovce, Slovak Republic. A Romany village located deep down in the valley, with old shacks and newer concrete ones. Four Romany women tell us about their day-to-day life through ancient habits, along with words that travel near borders with different worlds... (Anonymous)
The Trinket-Maker|2003|Daley|High up in the sky, the trinket-maker lives. His house is packed with the beautiful metal objects he creates. The trinket-maker isn't very fond of the ground, only visiting to search trash cans for valuable parts. Normally when he hears a noise, as fast as possible he returns to his house. This time it is different though. As usual he escapes, but now he hears singing. It enchants him. (Arnoud Tiele (zelva@tiele.nl))
Milkshakes|2011|Mehrdady|In a town where the government puts LSD into milkshakes of unknowing citizens (for the sake of scientific research), two black teenagers question their sanity and the content of said milkshakes in part 1 of Saumene Mehrdady's MKULTRA series. (Anonymous)
Sex, Drugs and Sausage Rolls|2010|Brooks|Drama, Romance, Thriller, Mystery, Comedy and Tragedy. A feature film built up of six short overlapping stories. The most central of which is about two hired killers that have been sent to a house in order to kill someone. They have no idea who this person is and neither do we. As the stories unfold and we learn more about the characters, suspicion starts to build as to who this 'victim' will be? (Anonymous)
Il tempo degli assassini|1975|Andrei|As a gang of youths terrorizes a city, the weary chief of police finds himself caught between the citizens who cry for blood and a catholic priest who believes the boys will respond to kindness. (<kinkajou@interserv.com>)
Bubble Trouble|2012|White|The stooges run a local drug store and are about to have their least taken away by Amos Flint, the mean old man who owns the place. When Flint kicks out his wife for being old, the stooges try to help her by inventing a formula that makes old people young. Their concoction turns the wife into a beautiful young woman, and Flint offers the boys their store for free if they'll transform him as well. They agree, but he turns into a gorilla after he swallows the serum, and the boys overcome him. (Mitch Shapiro <mshapiro@a.crl.com>)
Professor Creeps|1942|Beaudine|Two cut-rate private detectives are broke, hungry and down to their last nickel. They decide to hock their banjo in order to get some money for food, and while one partner is negotiating the deal, the other one falls asleep and dreams that a wealthy society matron has hired them to investigate a string of suitors. (frankfob2@yahoo.com)
L'uomo di paglia|1958|Germi|Andrea Zaccardi has returned home from hunting. He and his wife Luisa are very close. Their young son Giulio develops a cough. The doctor recommends the seaside. Luisa leaves with Giulio for several weeks. Andrea stays to work at the metal shop... While visiting his family, Andrea notices a young woman on the beach with her soldier boyfriend. The weekend over, the girl is on the bus home. Rita recognizes Andrea from the neighbourhood. They talk, walk home, say good night... Rita's brother Gino is trying for a job at the metal shop. Andrea helps him make the grade. Rita comes home to find Gino's new mentor there... Andrea apologizes. Rita tells him she is now engaged. Andrea spends a restless weekend with Luisa... Rita is working late at the office. Andrea appears. They kiss... (David Carless)
Charlie Chan at the Olympics|1937|Humberstone|When an experimental plane is hijacked and its pilot murdered, the new guidance system that will allow it to fly unmanned is stolen. Charlie traces the strategically important invention to the current summer Olympic games in Berlin, where myriad spies, enemy agents, and hard-core criminals are ruthlessly pursuing it in order to sell it to another government. Charlie's son Lee, a member of the U.S. Olympic Swim Team, is on hand to help his father recover the device and solve the mystery. (Gabe Taverney (duke1029@aol.com))
No se lo digas a nadie|1998|Velasco|Based on the alleged autobiography of gay peruvian talk show host Jaime Bailey. Joaquin, a young man from the high class of Lima, deals with problems concerning his sexual identity as a child, then as a teenager pressured by his macho snobbish father, then as an independent lazy pot-smoking college student, and later as a cocaine addict in Lima and Miami. (Parca Mortem <icy_shadow@rocketmail.com>)
Intelligence|2012|Surjik|Jimmy Reardon is the head of a small time family crime organization in Vancouver. He's got some legitimate and not so legitimate businesses, including a strip club, shipping company and several aspects of drug trafficking. Despite business being good, he is facing some problems including a junkie ex-wife with whom he shares joint custody of their daughter, a loose cannon of a brother, a major theft at one of his grow-ops which he suspects was orchestrated by his own employees, and the fact that he knows that he's being tailed but not knowing by who. The tail may be by the Organized Crime Unit (OCU) of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who indeed do have him under surveillance. The Vancouver operation of the OCU is headed by Inspector Mary Spalding, who is being recruited by the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS). In addition to Mary coming on board, CSIS is wanting to co-opt her and the OCU's on-street intelligence network, and to build upon the network by recruiting at least one person deep into organized crime. Mary is facing some problems of her own: a cheating husband and a majority of her underlings who dislike her, especially her second in command, Ted Altman. Mary and Jimmy's lives intersect professionally when Jimmy gets a hold of some secret files on the OCU and the Vancouver Police force's on-street intelligence network, the files which he threatens to release. Although this is a problem for the OCU, Mary, wanting to look good to CSIS, also sees this as an opportunity to recruit Jimmy as part of her intelligence network: she would get the files back, get some intel from Jimmy about organized crime and in return Jimmy would get inside information to which Mary is privy regarding files on him. She knows that Jimmy in some respects has to tread lightly as if it was ever known that he had the files and didn't warn his compatriots, his life would be over. Initially Jimmy declines Mary's offer since he sees himself having the upper hand - he finds out the who's and why's of his tail and the grow-op theft. However he changes his mind when there is an attempted abduction of his daughter by one of those in the secret intel files. This begins the mutually beneficial professional relationship between law and crime. (Huggo)
Geet Gate Indrayani|1992|Kakade|Rukmani Kulkarni gets married to Vithal Pant, but shortly after the marriage she finds out that he is not interested in married life, abandons her and adapts a life of a celibate Sanyasi in Kashi. Her father accompanies her to plead with him to return. They approach his Guru, who admonishes Vithal and instructs him to return to Rukmani, which he does. They live together harmoniously and become parents of three boys, Nivruti, Gyandev, and Sopan, and a girl, Mukta. Problems arise when the Village Panchayat shuns them as they are children of a former Sanyasi, and both Rukmani and Vithal must undergo a penalty that will change will the entire family's lives forever. (rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com))
La parte ausente|2014|Maidana|In a world on the brink of collapse, Chockler receives the mysterious Lucrecia's mission to find a man named Victor, dead or alive. Little by little, he discovers a network of implications between the horse races, genetic experiments, and a series of strange and superhuman nature facts, in the deep night of the city. (Anonymous)
Worth It All|2002|Ayres|On April 20, 2001, media around the globe broke with the story of a young missionary family shot out of the skies over Peru as they were tragically mistaken for drug couriers. The incident left their Cessna floatplane riddled with 79 bullet holes - along with Roni Bowers and her infant daughter, Charity, dead. The incredible survival of pilot Kevin Donaldson, Jim Bowers and his son Cory from the dramatic crash into the Amazon captivated the world. This short film shares this story from the perspective of Roni Bowers from notes she left in her memoirs. (Brad Ayres)
Barra 68 - Sem Perder a Ternura|2001|Carvalho|The story of the University of Bras?lia, since it was only a project in Darcy Ribeiro's head until the fateful events in August 1968 when its campus was invaded by the police, during the military dictatorship, thus putting an end to its independence. (lukejoplin@infolink.com.br)
The Story of The Church of Beethoven|2009|Stoddard|The Church of Beethoven began as cellist Felix Wurman's dream of knocking the stuffiness out of classical music. This film by Music From The Q presents the story of how the Church of Beethoven evolved from its humble beginnings. Includes the voices of Wurman, performers and audience members, plus a Sunday "service" that includes a stirring performance of Dvorak's "Serenade for Wind Instruments. (Anonymous)
Spider's Walk|2006|Wagner|A lonely spider crawls through an attic window on dark and stormy night. Inside he discovers an old rag doll on the attic floor. After a moment of debate, he cuts the spine of the doll and burrows his way inside. Possessed by the spider, the doll rises to its feet and wanders off to explore a new life. (Eric Wagner)
Kalbe's World|2003|Bamforth|"Kalbe's World" is the story of an 18 year-old, 2nd generation Pakistani boy growing up on a working-class housing estate in East London, as the only male in an all-female household. It tackles with both humour and honesty issues around ethnic and male identity, sexuality, adult responsibility, drug addiction, crime, religion (Islam) and language. Kalbe's four sisters provide the commentary on their brother's life, which the eldest describes as "a mass of confusion." Nevertheless Kalbe endears his audience throughout with his cheeky naivety and magnetic charm, even in his own frustration. Kalbe's emotional honesty remains absolutely intact as he struggles with a crushingly dysfunctional relationship with his gorgeous but manipulative girlfriend (court cases, abortions, death threats) though he is never quite able to make sense of it all in his cannabis-fuelled fug. Shot entirely on DV, "Kalbe's World" is an intimate portrayal of the much-talked about and oft feared phenomenon of "urban male youth." But unlike the rap videos that fetishize and the crime reports that seek to damn, rarely has the subject been handled with such non-judgmental sensitivity. (Stuart Bamforth)
Breakfast in Hollywood|1946|Schuster|Based on the old radio series of the same name, we see the lives of several people attending a popular radio show, including a young couple who meet and fall in love at the show. Great musical acts including Nat King Cole and Spike Jones. ZaSu Pitts almost steals the show! (Anonymous)
Nate & Nadine|2009|Smith|Nadine is an up-coming fashion designer that can't manage to gain her mother's approval. On the other hand, Nate is a young man seeking to regain respect from his family after spending two years in prison for being at the wrong place, at the wrong time. Every obstacle is thrown at Nate & Nadine simply while living with life's unexpected blunders. Yet, through it all Nate & Nadine manage to find each other. (Anonymous)
BloodLust|2012|Thomas|A Young man has a life changing encounter with a powerful and seductive woman. When he awakens after the night he is forever changed, he has become a vampire a creature of the night with an uncontrollable thirst for blood . He tries to satisfy his hunger first on himself and then on an innocent girl but finds himself unable to perform such a dark deed. He decides he cannot live as what he has become and decides to allow the sun to consume him ending his torment. (Anonymous)
Yong bao da bai xiong|2004|Wang|Dajun still lives with his father, who dates and plans to marry a ditsy starlet. The boy's mother is a flight stewardess, hence often away, and so Dajun's chubby cousin Yifen is often hired in as a child-minder. The relationship between Dajun and Yifen is, to say the least, abrasive, and Yifen bitterly resents being imposed on--especially when it seems that her own family is keen to get rid of her. The emotional complications escalate satisfyingly, climaxing on the night that Dajun goes missing and everyone blames everyone else... (Anonymous)